_includes/content/admin-portal/customize-help.md, before:

You can customize the Help menu for your ThoughtSpot application to tailor it to your
organization. When you configure these Help settings, you set system-wide defaults for all your
users.

When your ThoughtSpot users click the Help icon, they see a list of links.

![The help dropdown menu]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/gettingstarted-help-menu.png "The help dropdown menu")

If a user clicks on the **help** link, the customizable help menu opens:

![The customizable help menu]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/gettingstarted-helpbox.png "The customizable help menu")

As an administrator, you can add your own links to this default list. This allows you to
include documentation specific to your company, such as information about the
data available in ThoughtSpot, where to get support internally, or
company-specific training.

To customize the Help menu, navigate to the Admin Console by clicking on the **Admin** tab from the top navigation bar. Select **Help Customization** from the side navigation bar that appears.

![Admin Console - Help customization]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-help-customization.png "Admin Console - Help customization")

To add a new link, select **Add custom menu item** below the list of existing links.

![Add a new link]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-help-customization-add-link.png "Add a new link")

Specify the name of the link, the URL, and optionally add a custom icon. Then click **Confirm**.

You can also edit existing links, change icons, or remove items from the help menu altogether.

To edit or delete a link, hover over the menu item and click the **Edit** or **Delete** button.

![Edit or delete items]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-help-customization-edit.png "Edit or delete items")

Specify the new information, and click **Confirm**.

![Edit a link]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-help-customization-edit-link.png "Edit a link")

Commit message:

new help menu/ information center in 6.3.1
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_includes/content/admin-portal/customize-help.md, after:

{% include note.html content="The new Information Center is not customizable. If you have the new Information Center and would like to use the customizable Help menu described in this article, contact ThoughtSpot Support." %}

You can customize the Help menu for your ThoughtSpot application to tailor it to your
organization. When you configure these Help settings, you set system-wide defaults for all your
users.

When your ThoughtSpot users click the Help icon, they see a list of links.

![The help dropdown menu]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/gettingstarted-help-menu.png "The help dropdown menu")

If a user clicks on the **Help** link, the customizable help menu opens:

![The customizable help menu]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/gettingstarted-helpbox.png "The customizable help menu")

As an administrator, you can add your own links to this default list. This allows you to
include documentation specific to your company, such as information about the
data available in ThoughtSpot, where to get support internally, or
company-specific training.

To customize the Help menu, navigate to the Admin Console by clicking on the **Admin** tab from the top navigation bar. Select **Help Customization** from the side navigation bar that appears.

![Admin Console - Help customization]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-help-customization.png "Admin Console - Help customization")

To add a new link, select **Add custom menu item** below the list of existing links.

![Add a new link]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-help-customization-add-link.png "Add a new link")

Specify the name of the link, the URL, and optionally add a custom icon. Then click **Confirm**.

You can also edit existing links, change icons, or remove items from the help menu altogether.

To edit or delete a link, hover over the menu item and click the **Edit** or **Delete** button.

![Edit or delete items]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-help-customization-edit.png "Edit or delete items")

Specify the new information, and click **Confirm**.

![Edit a link]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-help-customization-edit-link.png "Edit a link")
