_end-user/search/monitor-expert.md, before:

---
title: ["Manage expert requests"]
last_updated: 3/23/2020
summary: "You can monitor and manage Ask an Expert requests, both as a requester and as an expert."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
toc: true
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

Within ThoughtSpot, you can keep track of your **Ask an Expert** requests.

## Navigate to the Expert Requests interface ##

Follow these steps to the request monitoring interface:

1. In the top right corner of the ThoughtSpot interface, click the ![help menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-help.png){: .inline} (help) icon menu.
2. In the drop-down, select **Get Help > Expert Requests**.
3. The **Expert** interface appears, with information for you both as a **Requester**, and as an **Expert**.  

## When you are a Requester ##

This is what you see when you are a requester:

![Ask an Expert interface]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/ask-an-expert-request-list.png "Ask an Expert interface")

Note these features of the interface:

| Legend | Feature |
| --- | --- |
|1. | <strong>I am a requester:</strong> for all requests where you are a requester |
| 2. | <strong>I am an expert:</strong> for all requests where you are an expert |
| 3. | <strong>All:</strong> all requests, both <em>Resolved</em> and <em>Unresolved</em>|
| 4. | <strong>Resolved:</strong> all resolved requests |
| 5. | <strong>Unresolved:</strong> for all unresolved requests |
| 6. | <strong>Search:</strong> find requests |
| 7. | <strong>My Requests</strong>: list of your requests |
| 8. | <strong>Modified:</strong> how long ago you or an expert modified the request |
| 9. | <strong>Status:</strong> <em>Resolved</em> or <em>Unresolved</em> |
| 10. | <strong>Author:</strong> the user who created the request |

## When you are an Expert

This is what you see when you are an expert:

![Ask an Expert interface]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/ask-an-expert-expert-view.png "Ask an Expert interface")

Note these features of the interface:

| Legend | Feature |
| --- | --- |
|1. | <strong>I am a requester:</strong> for all requests where you are a requester |
| 2. | <strong>I am an expert:</strong> for all requests where you are an expert |
| 3. | <strong>All:</strong> all requests, both <em>Resolved</em> and <em>Unresolved</em> |
| 4. | <strong>Resolved:</strong> all resolved requests |
| 5. | <strong>Unresolved:</strong> for all unresolved requests |
| 6. | <strong>Search:</strong> find requests |
| 7. | <strong>Requests for me</strong>: list requests where you are the Expert |
| 8. | <strong>Modified:</strong> how long ago you or an expert modified the request |
| 9. | <strong>Status:</strong> <em>Resolved</em> or <em>Unresolved</em> |
| 10. | <strong>Requester:</strong> the user who initiated the request |

## Related information  

- [Ask an Expert]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/ask-an-expert.html)

Commit message:

SCAL-74233 answer v2 everything except spotiq analyze, filters, back button, and a few UI changes
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_end-user/search/monitor-expert.md, after:

---
title: ["Manage expert requests"]
last_updated: 3/23/2020
summary: "You can monitor and manage Ask an Expert requests, both as a requester and as an expert."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
toc: true
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
{% include note.html content="Ask an Expert is not available in the new Answer experience. The new Answer experience is on by default for ThoughtSpot Cloud clusters. To use Ask an Expert, turn the new Answer experience off by selecting <strong>Classic experience </strong> from the <strong>Experience manager</strong> panel in your profile." %}

Within ThoughtSpot, you can keep track of your **Ask an Expert** requests.

## Navigate to the Expert Requests interface ##

Follow these steps to the request monitoring interface:

1. In the top right corner of the ThoughtSpot interface, click the ![help menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-help.png){: .inline} (help) icon menu.
2. In the drop-down, select **Get Help > Expert Requests**.
3. The **Expert** interface appears, with information for you both as a **Requester**, and as an **Expert**.  

## When you are a Requester ##

This is what you see when you are a requester:

![Ask an Expert interface]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/ask-an-expert-request-list.png "Ask an Expert interface")

Note these features of the interface:

| Legend | Feature |
| --- | --- |
|1. | <strong>I am a requester:</strong> for all requests where you are a requester |
| 2. | <strong>I am an expert:</strong> for all requests where you are an expert |
| 3. | <strong>All:</strong> all requests, both <em>Resolved</em> and <em>Unresolved</em>|
| 4. | <strong>Resolved:</strong> all resolved requests |
| 5. | <strong>Unresolved:</strong> for all unresolved requests |
| 6. | <strong>Search:</strong> find requests |
| 7. | <strong>My Requests</strong>: list of your requests |
| 8. | <strong>Modified:</strong> how long ago you or an expert modified the request |
| 9. | <strong>Status:</strong> <em>Resolved</em> or <em>Unresolved</em> |
| 10. | <strong>Author:</strong> the user who created the request |

## When you are an Expert

This is what you see when you are an expert:

![Ask an Expert interface]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/ask-an-expert-expert-view.png "Ask an Expert interface")

Note these features of the interface:

| Legend | Feature |
| --- | --- |
|1. | <strong>I am a requester:</strong> for all requests where you are a requester |
| 2. | <strong>I am an expert:</strong> for all requests where you are an expert |
| 3. | <strong>All:</strong> all requests, both <em>Resolved</em> and <em>Unresolved</em> |
| 4. | <strong>Resolved:</strong> all resolved requests |
| 5. | <strong>Unresolved:</strong> for all unresolved requests |
| 6. | <strong>Search:</strong> find requests |
| 7. | <strong>Requests for me</strong>: list requests where you are the Expert |
| 8. | <strong>Modified:</strong> how long ago you or an expert modified the request |
| 9. | <strong>Status:</strong> <em>Resolved</em> or <em>Unresolved</em> |
| 10. | <strong>Requester:</strong> the user who initiated the request |

## Related information  

- [Ask an Expert]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/ask-an-expert.html)
