_end-user/search/retrieve-expert-answer.md, before:

---
title: ["View an answer from an expert"]
last_updated: 3/20/2020
summary: "Learn how to find an answer from an expert."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

When you use **Ask an expert** to get help, you can view the answer after the expert responds.

To view the answer:

Click the link in the email you receive automatically when the expert answers your question.

If you're not set up with an email in ThoughtSpot, follow these steps to view your resolved Expert request:

1. In the top right corner of the ThoughtSpot interface, click the ![help menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-help.png){: .inline} (help) icon menu.

2. In the drop-down, select **Get Help > Expert Requests**.

3. Under **I am a requester**, view your Ask an Expert request. If the status is **resolved**, click on the request.

3. View your answer.

The answer will include any changes the expert made, to get to the answer you were looking for. You should review the new answer, to learn from the things the expert did to answer your question.

Note that the answer is a full fledged ThoughtSpot answer. This means that you can pin it to a pinboard, edit it, or share it with others, just like the result of any ThoughtSpot search.

## Related information

-   [Ask an expert]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/ask-an-expert.html)
-   [Answer Ask an expert questions]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/answer-expert-question.html)

Commit message:

SCAL-74233 answer v2 everything except spotiq analyze, filters, back button, and a few UI changes
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_end-user/search/retrieve-expert-answer.md, after:

---
title: ["View an answer from an expert"]
last_updated: 3/20/2020
summary: "Learn how to find an answer from an expert."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
{% include note.html content="Ask an Expert is not available in the new Answer experience. The new Answer experience is on by default for ThoughtSpot Cloud clusters. To use Ask an Expert, turn the new Answer experience off by selecting <strong>Classic experience </strong> from the <strong>Experience manager</strong> panel in your profile." %}

When you use **Ask an expert** to get help, you can view the answer after the expert responds.

To view the answer:

Click the link in the email you receive automatically when the expert answers your question.

If you're not set up with an email in ThoughtSpot, follow these steps to view your resolved Expert request:

1. In the top right corner of the ThoughtSpot interface, click the ![help menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-help.png){: .inline} (help) icon menu.

2. In the drop-down, select **Get Help > Expert Requests**.

3. Under **I am a requester**, view your Ask an Expert request. If the status is **resolved**, click on the request.

3. View your answer.

The answer will include any changes the expert made, to get to the answer you were looking for. You should review the new answer, to learn from the things the expert did to answer your question.

Note that the answer is a full fledged ThoughtSpot answer. This means that you can pin it to a pinboard, edit it, or share it with others, just like the result of any ThoughtSpot search.

## Related information

-   [Ask an expert]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/ask-an-expert.html)
-   [Answer Ask an expert questions]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/answer-expert-question.html)
