_admin/system-monitor/introduction.md, before:

---
title: [Introduction to monitoring]
summary: "Learn how to monitor your system."
last_updated: 10/21/2020
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
ThoughtSpot Cloud provides several out-of-the-box system monitoring Worksheets, Views, and Pinboards. From these Worksheets and Views, you can create your own custom visualizations and Pinboards. This page introduces these features and directs you towards more detailed information.

## Admin Console

From the Admin Console, you can view the [User Adoption]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/user-adoption.html) system Pinboard, and view upcoming [application maintenance]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/scheduled-maintenance.html).

Navigate to the Admin Console by selecting **Admin** from the top navigation bar.

## System Worksheets, Views, and Pinboards

Administrators can view existing system Pinboards, or create their own, custom boards that reflect system data in ways that are meaningful to specific departments or groups. For more
information, see the following documentation:

* [System Worksheets and Views]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/system-monitor/worksheets.html)
* [System Pinboards]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/system-monitor/monitor-pinboards.html)

Commit message:

pinboard --> liveboard
Signed-off-by: Naomi <>

_admin/system-monitor/introduction.md, after:

---
title: [Introduction to monitoring]
summary: "Learn how to monitor your system."
last_updated: 11/04/2021
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
ThoughtSpot Cloud provides several out-of-the-box system monitoring worksheets, views, and Liveboards. From these worksheets and views, you can create your own custom visualizations and Liveboards. This page introduces these features and directs you towards more detailed information.

## Admin Console

From the Admin Console, you can view the [User Adoption]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/user-adoption.html) system Liveboard, and view upcoming [application maintenance]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/scheduled-maintenance.html).

Navigate to the Admin Console by selecting **Admin** from the top navigation bar.

## System worksheets, views, and Liveboards

Administrators can view existing system Liveboards, or create their own, custom boards that reflect system data in ways that are meaningful to specific departments or groups. For more information, see the following documentation:

* [System worksheets and views]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/system-monitor/worksheets.html)
* [System Liveboards]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/system-monitor/monitor-pinboards.html)
