_end-user/pinboards/about-pinboards.md, before:

---
title: [Basic pinboard usage]
last_updated: 6/30/2019
summary: "Create a new pinboard to group and manage related search results. Pinboards are the ThoughtSpot term for a dashboard."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
Pinboards act like live dashboards. They are collections of your related charts, tables, and headline.

## What are pinboards

You can pin charts and tables to any pinboard which you created, and those that have been shared with you with the **Edit** privilege. When you create a pinboard, you can share it with other people with either the **View** or **Edit** privilege. Pinboards are interactive, allowing you to perform actions like filtering, excluding values, and drill down on the visualizations.


## Create a pinboard

To create a pinboard:

1. Click **Pinboards**, on the top navigation bar.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/click-pinboards.png "Pinboards")

2. Click **+ New Pinboard** on the pinboards list page.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/add_new_pinboard.png "New Pinboard button")

3. In the **New Pinboard** dialog box, give your pinboard a name and description. Then click **Create**.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/new_pinboard.png "New Pinboard menu")

## Add an answer to a pinboard

Instead of saving an answer you can add it to a pinboard. To add
an answer to a pinboard:

1. While viewing your answer of interest, click the **Pin** icon at the top right of the answer.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/add_to_pinboard.png "Pin an answer to a pinboard icon")

2. In the **Add to pinboard** dialog box, click the **+** icons next to the pinboards you would like to add your answer to.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_to_pinboard.png "Add filters menu")

   You can also select **Create new pinboard** at the top of the list to create a new pinboard, then add your answer to it.


## Download a pinboard

You can download a pinboard as a PDF file, without having to download each visualization separately. Downloading a pinboard works just as it would when
downloading an answer: simply click the ellipses icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} and select **Download as PDF**.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/pinboard-download-pdf.png "Download your pinboard")

For more details, see [Download a Pinboard as PDF]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/pinboards/download-pinboard-pdf.html).

## Details about a pinboard

You can see who authored a pinboard, when it was created, and when it was last
modified by choosing **Actions > Pinboard Info**.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/pinboard-info.png)


## Other pinboard actions

Other pinboard actions include actions you normally perform on your search as
well as actions that you can only perform on a pinboard. Most of these actions
are found under the **Actions** button.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/pinboard_actions.png "Pinboard actions button")

Other actions are available on a pinboard display itself. Some actions always appear, while others appear only when you hover over specific locations of the pinboard.
This diagram displays active action areas on a pinboard.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/pinboard-controls.png "Pinboard controls")

If you make a change to a pinboard, the system recognizes this and displays an alert message with a **Save
changes** button at the top of the page. Click this button to make your changes permanent.

## Related information

[Download a pinboard as PDF]({{ site.baseurl }}/pinboards/download-pinboard-url.html)
[Present a pinboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/pinboards/start-a-slideshow.html)

Commit message:

SCAL-75569 remove download options for pinboards and vizes
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_end-user/pinboards/about-pinboards.md, after:

---
title: [Basic pinboard usage]
last_updated: 6/30/2019
summary: "Create a new pinboard to group and manage related search results. Pinboards are the ThoughtSpot term for a dashboard."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
Pinboards act like live dashboards. They are collections of your related charts, tables, and headline.

## What are pinboards

You can pin charts and tables to any pinboard which you created, and those that have been shared with you with the **Edit** privilege. When you create a pinboard, you can share it with other people with either the **View** or **Edit** privilege. Pinboards are interactive, allowing you to perform actions like filtering, excluding values, and drill down on the visualizations.


## Create a pinboard

To create a pinboard:

1. Click **Pinboards**, on the top navigation bar.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/click-pinboards.png "Pinboards")

2. Click **+ New Pinboard** on the pinboards list page.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/add_new_pinboard.png "New Pinboard button")

3. In the **New Pinboard** dialog box, give your pinboard a name and description. Then click **Create**.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/new_pinboard.png "New Pinboard menu")

## Add an answer to a pinboard

Instead of saving an answer you can add it to a pinboard. To add
an answer to a pinboard:

1. While viewing your answer of interest, click the **Pin** icon at the top right of the answer.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/add_to_pinboard.png "Pin an answer to a pinboard icon")

2. In the **Add to pinboard** dialog box, click the **+** icons next to the pinboards you would like to add your answer to.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_to_pinboard.png "Add filters menu")

   You can also select **Create new pinboard** at the top of the list to create a new pinboard, then add your answer to it.


## Download a pinboard

You can download a pinboard as a PDF file, without having to download each visualization separately. Downloading a pinboard works just as it would when
downloading an answer: simply click the ellipses icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} and select **Download as PDF**.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/pinboard-download-pdf.png "Download your pinboard")

For more details, see [Download a Pinboard as PDF]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/pinboards/download-pinboard-pdf.html).

{% include note.html content="If you do not see this option, your company may have removed the Pinboard download option. If you would like to download Pinboards, contact your ThoughtSpot administrator." %}

## Details about a pinboard

You can see who authored a pinboard, when it was created, and when it was last
modified by choosing **Actions > Pinboard Info**.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/pinboard-info.png)


## Other pinboard actions

Other pinboard actions include actions you normally perform on your search as
well as actions that you can only perform on a pinboard. Most of these actions
are found under the **Actions** button.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/pinboard_actions.png "Pinboard actions button")

Other actions are available on a pinboard display itself. Some actions always appear, while others appear only when you hover over specific locations of the pinboard.
This diagram displays active action areas on a pinboard.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/pinboard-controls.png "Pinboard controls")

If you make a change to a pinboard, the system recognizes this and displays an alert message with a **Save
changes** button at the top of the page. Click this button to make your changes permanent.

## Related information

[Download a pinboard as PDF]({{ site.baseurl }}/pinboards/download-pinboard-url.html)
[Present a pinboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/pinboards/start-a-slideshow.html)
