_end-user/pinboards/copy-link-for-a-pinboard.md, before:

---
title: [Copy a pinboard or visualization link]
last_updated: tbd
summary: "In pinboards, there is a copy link option that lets you copy the link to access the pinboard and visualizations directly."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
You can copy and paste the copied link to include in a presentation or spreadsheet, or email or Slack it to other people in your company. Note that when clicking the link, the person must be authenticated to ThoughtSpot to see the visualization (e.g. by signing in, or through SAML).

You can also use this link for embedding the chart or table in another Web page, Web portal, or application by using the [Pinboard Data API]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/about-rest-apis.html).

## Copying a pinboard link

To copy the link for a pinboard:

1. Click **Pinboards**, on the top navigation bar.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/click-pinboards.png "Pinboards")

2. On the pinboard list page, click the pinboard you would like to get a link for.
3. Click the ellipses icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} and select **Copy link**.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_pinboard_link.png "Copy pinboard link option")

4. Copy the pinboard link. The highlighted portion is the pinboard ID.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_link_pinboard.png "Copy pinboard link")

## Copying a visualization link     

1. To copy an individual visualization link, click the ellipses icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} and select **Copy link** of the visualization you would like to copy a link from.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_link_of_a_visualization.png "Copy visualization link option")

2. Copy the visualization link. The highlighted portion is the visualization ID.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_link_viz_pinboard_part.png "Copy visualization link")

Commit message:

pinboard --> liveboard
Signed-off-by: Naomi <>

_end-user/pinboards/copy-link-for-a-pinboard.md, after:

---
title: [Copy a Liveboard or visualization link]
last_updated: 11/04/2021
summary: "In Liveboards, there is a copy link option that lets you copy the link to access the Liveboard and visualizations directly."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
You can copy and paste the copied link to include in a presentation or spreadsheet, or email or Slack it to other people in your company. Note that when clicking the link, the person must be authenticated to ThoughtSpot to see the visualization (e.g. by signing in, or through SAML).

You can also use this link for embedding the chart or table in another Web page, Web portal, or application by using the [Liveboard Data API]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/about-rest-apis.html).

## Copying a Liveboard link

To copy the link for a Liveboard:

1. Click **Liveboards**, on the top navigation bar.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/click-pinboards.png "Liveboards")

2. On the Liveboard list page, click the Liveboard you would like to get a link for.
3. Click the ellipses icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} and select **Copy link**.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_pinboard_link.png "Copy Liveboard link option")

4. Copy the Liveboard link. The highlighted portion is the Liveboard ID.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_link_pinboard.png "Copy Liveboard link")

## Copying a visualization link     

1. To copy an individual visualization link, click the ellipses icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} and select **Copy link** of the visualization you would like to copy a link from.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_link_of_a_visualization.png "Copy visualization link option")

2. Copy the visualization link. The highlighted portion is the visualization ID.

     ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/copy_link_viz_pinboard_part.png "Copy visualization link")
