_end-user/r-scripts/about-r-in-thoughtspot.md, before:

---
title: [About R in ThoughtSpot]
summary: "Analyze your data with R scripts that ship with ThoughtSpot, and build visualizations and Pinboards based on the analytical insights you obtained. You can also create custom R scripts, and share them with your team."
last_updated: 12/4/2020
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

R is a popular open source programming language for statistical computing, machine learning, and AI. ThoughtSpot makes R analysis available as a fully integrated feature.

{% include note.html content="Custom R is disabled by default. To turn on custom R scripting, contact your site administrator." %}

## Using R in ThoughtSpot

Users with R privileges can run R scripts directly on search results.

Analysts and data scientists who are proficient in R can create and share custom scripts.

Users can leverage custom scripts and ThoughtSpot provided scripts, run pre-built R scripts on top of their search results, and share R visualizations as answers and pinboards.

This topic explains how to use R in ThoughtSpot both from an end user and scripting perspective, but is not meant as an R primer.

## How to access R scripts

Users with R script privileges can click the **R** icon
![R icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-icon-inline-2.png){: .inline}
on the toolbar for any search result (answer).

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-icon.png)

From here, you have options to write a custom script, or load a pre-built or
ThoughtSpot provided script.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-load-or-write-script.png)

## Run pre-built R scripts

You don't have to have a background in statistics or be an R programmer to run R
analyses in ThoughtSpot. You can use ThoughtSpot-provided scripts and share the
R visualizations with others.

For more on how to run provided scripts, skip to
[Run pre-built R scripts on answers]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/r-scripts/run-prebuilt-r-scripts.html)

## Write your own R scripts in ThoughtSpot

If you know R, you can write your own custom scripts, share them as templates,
test and run them on your data in ThoughtSpot, and build up a shared library of
R analyses, scripts, visualizations, and pinboards.

Start with the topic on how to [Create and share R scripts]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/r-scripts/create-r-scripts.html)
to learn more about writing R scripts in ThoughtSpot, including a few
particulars on syntax and column bindings.

To learn more about R programming in general, a good place to start is [R Project for
Statistical Computing](https://www.r-project.org/). Also, Anthony Chen's blog
post on [Using R Analysis in ThoughtSpot for Time Series
Forecasting](https://www.thoughtspot.com/codex/using-r-analysis-thoughtspot-time-series-forecasting)
is a nice introduction to writing R scripts in ThoughtSpot.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-pinboard-examples.png)


## Related information

* [Create and share R scripts](create-r-scripts.html#)

* [Run pre-built R scripts on answers](run-prebuilt-r-scripts.html)

* [SpotIQ custom analysis]({{ site.baseurl}}/spotiq/adv-customize-withr.html)

* [Understand groups and privileges]({{ site.baseurl}}/admin/users-groups/about-users-groups.html)

* [tscli rpackage]({{ site.baseurl }}/reference/tscli-command-ref.html#rpackage)

Commit message:

SCAL-88291 Documentation 7.0: add deprecation notices for SearchIQ (7.0), Instant Insights (7.1), and R (7.2), added deprecation.html, tagged R script deprecations
Signed-off-by: Roza Leyderman <roza.leyderman@thoughtspot.com>

_end-user/r-scripts/about-r-in-thoughtspot.md, after:

---
title: [About R in ThoughtSpot]
summary: "Analyze your data with R scripts that ship with ThoughtSpot, and build visualizations and Pinboards based on the analytical insights you obtained. You can also create custom R scripts, and share them with your team."
last_updated: 12/4/2020
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

{% include deprecation.html content="This feature is now deprecated. You may not use it starting with release 7.2. For details, see Deprecation Announcements." %}

R is a popular open source programming language for statistical computing, machine learning, and AI. ThoughtSpot makes R analysis available as a fully integrated feature.

{% include note.html content="Custom R is disabled by default. To turn on custom R scripting, contact your site administrator." %}

## Using R in ThoughtSpot

Users with R privileges can run R scripts directly on search results.

Analysts and data scientists who are proficient in R can create and share custom scripts.

Users can leverage custom scripts and ThoughtSpot provided scripts, run pre-built R scripts on top of their search results, and share R visualizations as answers and pinboards.

This topic explains how to use R in ThoughtSpot both from an end user and scripting perspective, but is not meant as an R primer.

## How to access R scripts

Users with R script privileges can click the **R** icon
![R icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-icon-inline-2.png){: .inline}
on the toolbar for any search result (answer).

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-icon.png)

From here, you have options to write a custom script, or load a pre-built or
ThoughtSpot provided script.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-load-or-write-script.png)

## Run pre-built R scripts

You don't have to have a background in statistics or be an R programmer to run R
analyses in ThoughtSpot. You can use ThoughtSpot-provided scripts and share the
R visualizations with others.

For more on how to run provided scripts, skip to
[Run pre-built R scripts on answers]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/r-scripts/run-prebuilt-r-scripts.html)

## Write your own R scripts in ThoughtSpot

If you know R, you can write your own custom scripts, share them as templates,
test and run them on your data in ThoughtSpot, and build up a shared library of
R analyses, scripts, visualizations, and pinboards.

Start with the topic on how to [Create and share R scripts]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/r-scripts/create-r-scripts.html)
to learn more about writing R scripts in ThoughtSpot, including a few
particulars on syntax and column bindings.

To learn more about R programming in general, a good place to start is [R Project for
Statistical Computing](https://www.r-project.org/). Also, Anthony Chen's blog
post on [Using R Analysis in ThoughtSpot for Time Series
Forecasting](https://www.thoughtspot.com/codex/using-r-analysis-thoughtspot-time-series-forecasting)
is a nice introduction to writing R scripts in ThoughtSpot.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-pinboard-examples.png)


## Related information

* [Create and share R scripts](create-r-scripts.html#)

* [Run pre-built R scripts on answers](run-prebuilt-r-scripts.html)

* [SpotIQ custom analysis]({{ site.baseurl}}/spotiq/adv-customize-withr.html)

* [Understand groups and privileges]({{ site.baseurl}}/admin/users-groups/about-users-groups.html)

* [tscli rpackage]({{ site.baseurl }}/reference/tscli-command-ref.html#rpackage)
