_end-user/r-scripts/run-prebuilt-r-scripts.md, before:

---
title: [Run prebuilt R scripts on answers]
summary: "Anyone with R privileges can run an R analysis ThoughtSpot using provided scripts, you don't need to be an expert. "
last_updated: 12/4/2020
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

If you have R privileges on your ThoughtSpot instance, you can run R analyses on
search results, and save and share the resulting visualization with others. The
users you share visualizations with do not need R privileges.

## Run an R analysis

1.  Click the **R** icon ![R icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-icon-inline-2.png){: .inline}
on the toolbar for any search result (answer).

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-icon-marketspot.png)

    From here, you have options to write a custom script, or load a pre-built or
    ThoughtSpot provided script.

2. In the Analyze dialog, click the **more options** icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} next to the **Custom R Script** panel, and choose **Load**.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-load-prebuilt.png)

    This brings up a list of pre-built scripts, both provided by ThoughtSpot and any created by programmers on your team.

4. Select a script, then choose the columns you want to include in the analysis and the output file type (PNG or CSV).

    Note that the output file type must match the script.

    For example, if you select one of the ThoughtSpot provided time series
    scripts, the comment at the top of the script provides guidance on what
    columns to select.

    ```
    # NOTE: Only two columns are needed for this analysis.
    # The first column should represent some date column
    # and the second should be some numeric measure column.
    ```

    Also, scroll through the script to identify whether it's coded to produce
    graphical (PNG) or tabular (CSV) output. The time series scripts are both set up
    to produce graphical output, as indicated by a line like this at the end of the
    scripts.

    ```
    png(#output_file#, width=1000);
    print(img);
    ```

5. Select **Run Analysis** to execute the script.

## Time Series Outlier Example

In this example, we ran an analysis for **Time Series Outlier Detection** on
search results that show sales totals by date.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-run-time-series-outliers-script.png)

Note that we included a date column and a measure, and selected PNG as the
output to match what the script requires. The original search could have had
more columns than this, but you can always structure the analysis properly
by selecting only the date column and measure column you want to focus on.

In this case, no outliers were found, so the R visualization matches the
original search result line graph.

## Time Series Forecast Example

In this example, we ran a **Time Series Forecast** on the same search result.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-run-time-forecast-script.png)

## Diverging Bars Example

Here is an example of taking a script found online and repurposing it for a use
case in ThoughtSpot. Antony Chen demo'ed this in a SpotOn webinar. You can find
his full presentation on Custom R Scripts and demo at
[SpotOn Learning: ThoughtSpot 5.0 BI and Data Science Features](https://community.thoughtspot.com/t/m2dftj)
in the Community.

Consider this script, found on this website of [Top 50 ggplot2 Visualizations - The Master List (With Full R Code)](http://r-statistics.co/Top50-Ggplot2-Visualizations-MasterList-R-Code.html). A direct link to this script is [here](http://r-statistics.co/Top50-Ggplot2-Visualizations-MasterList-R-Code.html#Diverging%20Bars).
```
library(ggplot2)
theme_set(theme_bw())  

# Data Prep
data("mtcars")  # load data
mtcars$`car name` <- rownames(mtcars)  # create new column for car names
mtcars$mpg_z <- round((mtcars$mpg - mean(mtcars$mpg))/sd(mtcars$mpg), 2)  # compute normalized mpg
mtcars$mpg_type <- ifelse(mtcars$mpg_z < 0, "below", "above")  # above / below avg flag
mtcars <- mtcars[order(mtcars$mpg_z), ]  # sort
mtcars$`car name` <- factor(mtcars$`car name`, levels = mtcars$`car name`)  # convert to factor to retain sorted order in plot.

# Diverging Barcharts
ggplot(mtcars, aes(x=`car name`, y=mpg_z, label=mpg_z)) +
  geom_bar(stat='identity', aes(fill=mpg_type), width=.5)  +
  scale_fill_manual(name="Mileage",
                    labels = c("Above Average", "Below Average"),
                    values = c("above"="#00ba38", "below"="#f8766d")) +
  labs(subtitle="Normalised mileage from 'mtcars'",
       title= "Diverging Bars") +
  coord_flip()
```

You can modify the script above to support the phone sales use case discussed in
the webinar.

In this script, `mtcars` is replaced with references to our phone sales
(`df$Sales`) and `car name` is replaced with `Device Name` both from the column
data in the search example used in the webinar demo. The script uses the
ThoughtSpot _data frame_ object (`df`), and adds two lines at the end to specify
output type as a `png` image.

```
library(ggplot2)
theme_set(theme_bw())  

# Data Prep
df$sales_z <- round((df$Sales - mean(df$Sales))/sd(df$Sales), 2)  # compute normalized mpg
df$sales_type <- ifelse(df$sales_z < 0, "below", "above")  # above / below avg flag
df <- df[order(df$sales_z), ]  # sort
df$`Device Name` <- factor(df$`Device Name`, levels = df$`Device Name`)  # convert to factor to retain sorted order in plot.

# Diverging Barcharts
img <- ggplot(df, aes(x=`Device Name`, y=sales_z, label=sales_z)) +
  geom_bar(stat='identity', aes(fill=sales_type), width=.5)  +
  scale_fill_manual(name="Sales",
                    labels = c("Above Average", "Below Average"),
                    values = c("above"="#00ba38", "below"="#f8766d")) +
  labs(subtitle="Normalised Sales for Phones",
       title= "Diverging Bars") +
  coord_flip()
png(#output_file#, width=1000, height=1000)
print(img)

```

Commit message:

SCAL-88291 Documentation 7.0: add deprecation notices for SearchIQ (7.0), Instant Insights (7.1), and R (7.2), added deprecation.html, tagged R script deprecations
Signed-off-by: Roza Leyderman <roza.leyderman@thoughtspot.com>

_end-user/r-scripts/run-prebuilt-r-scripts.md, after:

---
title: [Run prebuilt R scripts on answers]
summary: "Anyone with R privileges can run an R analysis ThoughtSpot using provided scripts, you don't need to be an expert. "
last_updated: 12/4/2020
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

{% include deprecation.html content="This feature is now deprecated. You may not use it starting with release 7.2. For details, see Deprecation Announcements." %}

If you have R privileges on your ThoughtSpot instance, you can run R analyses on
search results, and save and share the resulting visualization with others. The
users you share visualizations with do not need R privileges.

## Run an R analysis

1.  Click the **R** icon ![R icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-icon-inline-2.png){: .inline}
on the toolbar for any search result (answer).

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-icon-marketspot.png)

    From here, you have options to write a custom script, or load a pre-built or
    ThoughtSpot provided script.

2. In the Analyze dialog, click the **more options** icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} next to the **Custom R Script** panel, and choose **Load**.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-load-prebuilt.png)

    This brings up a list of pre-built scripts, both provided by ThoughtSpot and any created by programmers on your team.

4. Select a script, then choose the columns you want to include in the analysis and the output file type (PNG or CSV).

    Note that the output file type must match the script.

    For example, if you select one of the ThoughtSpot provided time series
    scripts, the comment at the top of the script provides guidance on what
    columns to select.

    ```
    # NOTE: Only two columns are needed for this analysis.
    # The first column should represent some date column
    # and the second should be some numeric measure column.
    ```

    Also, scroll through the script to identify whether it's coded to produce
    graphical (PNG) or tabular (CSV) output. The time series scripts are both set up
    to produce graphical output, as indicated by a line like this at the end of the
    scripts.

    ```
    png(#output_file#, width=1000);
    print(img);
    ```

5. Select **Run Analysis** to execute the script.

## Time Series Outlier Example

In this example, we ran an analysis for **Time Series Outlier Detection** on
search results that show sales totals by date.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-run-time-series-outliers-script.png)

Note that we included a date column and a measure, and selected PNG as the
output to match what the script requires. The original search could have had
more columns than this, but you can always structure the analysis properly
by selecting only the date column and measure column you want to focus on.

In this case, no outliers were found, so the R visualization matches the
original search result line graph.

## Time Series Forecast Example

In this example, we ran a **Time Series Forecast** on the same search result.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-run-time-forecast-script.png)

## Diverging Bars Example

Here is an example of taking a script found online and repurposing it for a use
case in ThoughtSpot. Antony Chen demo'ed this in a SpotOn webinar. You can find
his full presentation on Custom R Scripts and demo at
[SpotOn Learning: ThoughtSpot 5.0 BI and Data Science Features](https://community.thoughtspot.com/t/m2dftj)
in the Community.

Consider this script, found on this website of [Top 50 ggplot2 Visualizations - The Master List (With Full R Code)](http://r-statistics.co/Top50-Ggplot2-Visualizations-MasterList-R-Code.html). A direct link to this script is [here](http://r-statistics.co/Top50-Ggplot2-Visualizations-MasterList-R-Code.html#Diverging%20Bars).
```
library(ggplot2)
theme_set(theme_bw())  

# Data Prep
data("mtcars")  # load data
mtcars$`car name` <- rownames(mtcars)  # create new column for car names
mtcars$mpg_z <- round((mtcars$mpg - mean(mtcars$mpg))/sd(mtcars$mpg), 2)  # compute normalized mpg
mtcars$mpg_type <- ifelse(mtcars$mpg_z < 0, "below", "above")  # above / below avg flag
mtcars <- mtcars[order(mtcars$mpg_z), ]  # sort
mtcars$`car name` <- factor(mtcars$`car name`, levels = mtcars$`car name`)  # convert to factor to retain sorted order in plot.

# Diverging Barcharts
ggplot(mtcars, aes(x=`car name`, y=mpg_z, label=mpg_z)) +
  geom_bar(stat='identity', aes(fill=mpg_type), width=.5)  +
  scale_fill_manual(name="Mileage",
                    labels = c("Above Average", "Below Average"),
                    values = c("above"="#00ba38", "below"="#f8766d")) +
  labs(subtitle="Normalised mileage from 'mtcars'",
       title= "Diverging Bars") +
  coord_flip()
```

You can modify the script above to support the phone sales use case discussed in
the webinar.

In this script, `mtcars` is replaced with references to our phone sales
(`df$Sales`) and `car name` is replaced with `Device Name` both from the column
data in the search example used in the webinar demo. The script uses the
ThoughtSpot _data frame_ object (`df`), and adds two lines at the end to specify
output type as a `png` image.

```
library(ggplot2)
theme_set(theme_bw())  

# Data Prep
df$sales_z <- round((df$Sales - mean(df$Sales))/sd(df$Sales), 2)  # compute normalized mpg
df$sales_type <- ifelse(df$sales_z < 0, "below", "above")  # above / below avg flag
df <- df[order(df$sales_z), ]  # sort
df$`Device Name` <- factor(df$`Device Name`, levels = df$`Device Name`)  # convert to factor to retain sorted order in plot.

# Diverging Barcharts
img <- ggplot(df, aes(x=`Device Name`, y=sales_z, label=sales_z)) +
  geom_bar(stat='identity', aes(fill=sales_type), width=.5)  +
  scale_fill_manual(name="Sales",
                    labels = c("Above Average", "Below Average"),
                    values = c("above"="#00ba38", "below"="#f8766d")) +
  labs(subtitle="Normalised Sales for Phones",
       title= "Diverging Bars") +
  coord_flip()
png(#output_file#, width=1000, height=1000)
print(img)

```
