_end-user/r-scripts/save-and-share-r-answers.md, before:

---
title: [Save and share R visualizations]
summary: "You can save and share R analyses as answers and pinboards."
last_updated: 11/24/2020
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

In terms of sharing, the R visualization you get as a result of running a script is similar to any
other search result in ThoughtSpot. You can save it, share it, and add it to pinboards.

## Save an R visualization

1.  Click the **more options** icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} above the generated graphic or table containing your analysis, and select **Save** from the menu.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-time-forecast-options.png)

2.  Add a name and description for the analysis, and click **Save**.
    The saved analysis is added to **Answers**.

## Share an R visualization

1.  Click the **Share** icon ![sharing icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-share-10px.png){: .inline}. above the generated graphic or table containing your analysis.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-viz-share.png)

2.  Select and add the user or group with which to share, along with level of access
    (**Can View**, **Can Edit**), and then click **Done**.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/sharing-from-r-script.png)

## Add an R visualization to a pinboard

1.  Click the pin above the the generated graphic or table containing
    your analysis.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-viz-pin.png)

2.  Create a new pinboard or select an existing pinboard, then click **Done**. You can find the visualization in **Pinboards**.

Commit message:

SCAL-88291 Documentation 7.0: add deprecation notices for SearchIQ (7.0), Instant Insights (7.1), and R (7.2), added deprecation.html, tagged R script deprecations
Signed-off-by: Roza Leyderman <roza.leyderman@thoughtspot.com>

_end-user/r-scripts/save-and-share-r-answers.md, after:

---
title: [Save and share R visualizations]
summary: "You can save and share R analyses as answers and pinboards."
last_updated: 11/24/2020
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

{% include deprecation.html content="This feature is now deprecated. You may not use it starting with release 7.2. For details, see Deprecation Announcements." %}

In terms of sharing, the R visualization you get as a result of running a script is similar to any
other search result in ThoughtSpot. You can save it, share it, and add it to pinboards.

## Save an R visualization

1.  Click the **more options** icon ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} above the generated graphic or table containing your analysis, and select **Save** from the menu.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-time-forecast-options.png)

2.  Add a name and description for the analysis, and click **Save**.
    The saved analysis is added to **Answers**.

## Share an R visualization

1.  Click the **Share** icon ![sharing icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-share-10px.png){: .inline}. above the generated graphic or table containing your analysis.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-viz-share.png)

2.  Select and add the user or group with which to share, along with level of access
    (**Can View**, **Can Edit**), and then click **Done**.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/sharing-from-r-script.png)

## Add an R visualization to a pinboard

1.  Click the pin above the the generated graphic or table containing
    your analysis.

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/r-viz-pin.png)

2.  Create a new pinboard or select an existing pinboard, then click **Done**. You can find the visualization in **Pinboards**.
