_admin/thoughtspot-one/query-intelligence-pinboard.md, before:

---
title: [Stats and Trends for Search on Answers Pinboard]
summary: "The Stats and Trends for Search on Answers Pinboard describes how users are searching for existing Answers and Pinboards. It specifies what users are searching for, where users are successful, and where they are not."
last_updated: 1/21/2021
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

As an analyst, you need data to analyze to help you empower your users. For example, it is useful to know how your users are searching your existing Answers and Pinboards, so you can determine what objects are the most popular and what assets you may need to create. The **Stats and Trends for Search on Answers** Pinboard, a default ThoughtSpot Pinboard that is visible to admins, provides this information. If you do not have admin privileges and would like to access this Pinboard, ask your ThoughtSpot administrator to share the Pinboard and its underlying Worksheet, **Discover Monitoring Data**, with you.

To access the **Stats and Trends for Search on Answers** Pinboard, search for "Stats and trends for search on answers" while searching among your existing Answers and Pinboards, or search on the **Pinboards** page.

The **Stats and Trends for Search on Answers** Pinboard contains the following visualizations:
- [Number of searches](#number-of-searches)
- [% of queries with zero results](#no-result-queries)
- [Last updated time](#last-updated)
- [Top Search Queries on existing answers](#top-search-existing)
- [Top Search Queries on existing answers with zero results](#top-search-existing-no-result)
- [Top Search Queries on existing answers where the user did not find anything useful](#top-search-not-useful)
- [Weekly Searches on answers](#weekly-searches)
- [Top Answers](#top-answers)
- [Weekly % of search queries on answers for which no answers exist](#weekly-queries-no-answer)
- [Poorly performing search queries for answers](#poor-performance)

{% include note.html content="Some or all of the visualizations on this Pinboard may be empty, if you do not have Search on Answers on in your environment, or if it is newly on, and few users have searched on it. To see the statistics on how your organization uses Search Answers, contact ThoughtSpot Support." %}

![Stats and Trends for Search on Answers Pinboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/query-intelligence-pinboard.png "Stats and Trends for Search on Answers Pinboard")

{: id="number-of-searches"}
## Number of searches
This headline specifies the number of searches users have done on existing Answers and Pinboards in the last 7 days.

{: id="no-result-queries"}
## % of queries with zero results
This headline specifies the percentage of searches on existing Answers and Pinboards that had no results. The lower the percentage of searches with no results, the better the user experience. If you have a high percentage of queries without results, consider building more Answers and Pinboards, or empower more users to build their own Answers and Pinboards by searching your data.

{: id="last-updated"}
## Last updated time in hours ago
This headline shows the number of hours it has been since this Pinboard was automatically updated with new data.

{: id="top-search-existing"}
## Top Search Queries on existing answers
This visualization lists users' top search queries while searching for Answers in the last 30 days.

{: id="top-search-existing-no-result"}
## Top Search Queries with zero results
This visualization lists users' top search queries that had no results. These are the most common Answers and Pinboards users search for but do not find. Consider building Answers and Pinboards that answer these questions, or empower more users to build their own Answers and Pinboards by searching your data.

{: id="top-search-not-useful"}
## Top Search Queries on existing answers where the user did not find any useful result
This visualization lists users' top search queries that did not result in a useful Answer or Pinboard. The users did not click on any of the results. Consider building Answers and Pinboards that better answer these questions, or empower these users to build their own Answers and Pinboards by searching your data.

{: id="weekly-searches"}
## Weekly Searches on answers
This visualization shows the number of searches on Answers and Pinboards on a weekly basis.

{: id="top-answers"}
## Top Answers
This visualization lists the top Answers and Pinboards that users who searched for Answers and Pinboards found useful in the last 30 days.

{: id="weekly-queries-no-answer"}
## Weekly % of search queries on answers for which no answers exist
This visualization shows the percentage of searches on existing Answers and Pinboards that had no results, on a weekly basis. The lower the percentage of searches with no results, the better the user experience. If you have a high percentage of queries without results, consider building more Answers and Pinboards, or empower more users to build their own Answers and Pinboards by searching your data.

{: id="poor-performance"}
## Top search queries with poor performance
This visualization lists queries in the last 30 days for which users browsed multiple Answers and Pinboards, before finding the right Answer or Pinboard.

Commit message:

beginning of best practices work
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_admin/thoughtspot-one/query-intelligence-pinboard.md, after:

---
title: [Stats and Trends for Search on Answers Pinboard]
summary: "The Stats and Trends for Search on Answers Pinboard describes how users are searching for existing Answers and Pinboards. It specifies what users are searching for, where users are successful, and where they are not."
last_updated: 3/29/2021
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

As an analyst, you need data to analyze to help you empower your users. For example, it is useful to know how your users are searching your existing Answers and Pinboards, so you can determine what objects are the most popular and what assets you may need to create. The **Stats and Trends for Search on Answers** Pinboard, a default ThoughtSpot Pinboard that is visible to admins, provides this information. Review the [best practices](#best-practices) for this Pinboard.

If you do not have admin privileges and would like to access this Pinboard, ask your ThoughtSpot administrator to share the Pinboard and its underlying Worksheet, **Discover Monitoring Data**, with you. Administrators, review the [sharing best practices](#sharing-best-practices) for this Pinboard.

To access the **Stats and Trends for Search on Answers** Pinboard, search for "Stats and trends for search on answers" while searching among your existing Answers and Pinboards, or search on the **Pinboards** page.

The **Stats and Trends for Search on Answers** Pinboard contains the following visualizations:
- [Number of searches](#number-of-searches)
- [% of queries with zero results](#no-result-queries)
- [Last updated time](#last-updated)
- [Top Search Queries on existing answers](#top-search-existing)
- [Top Search Queries on existing answers with zero results](#top-search-existing-no-result)
- [Top Search Queries on existing answers where the user did not find anything useful](#top-search-not-useful)
- [Weekly Searches on answers](#weekly-searches)
- [Top Answers](#top-answers)
- [Weekly % of search queries on answers for which no answers exist](#weekly-queries-no-answer)
- [Poorly performing search queries for answers](#poor-performance)

{% include note.html content="Some or all of the visualizations on this Pinboard may be empty, if you do not have Search on Answers on in your environment, or if it is newly on, and few users have searched on it. To see the statistics on how your organization uses Search Answers, contact ThoughtSpot Support." %}

![Stats and Trends for Search on Answers Pinboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/query-intelligence-pinboard.png "Stats and Trends for Search on Answers Pinboard")

{: id="number-of-searches"}
## Number of searches
This headline specifies the number of searches users have done on existing Answers and Pinboards in the last 7 days.

{: id="no-result-queries"}
## % of queries with zero results
This headline specifies the percentage of searches on existing Answers and Pinboards that had no results. The lower the percentage of searches with no results, the better the user experience. If you have a high percentage of queries without results, consider building more Answers and Pinboards, or empower more users to build their own Answers and Pinboards by searching your data.

{: id="last-updated"}
## Last updated time in hours ago
This headline shows the number of hours it has been since this Pinboard was automatically updated with new data.

{: id="top-search-existing"}
## Top Search Queries on existing answers
This visualization lists users' top search queries while searching for Answers in the last 30 days.

{: id="top-search-existing-no-result"}
## Top Search Queries with zero results
This visualization lists users' top search queries that had no results. These are the most common Answers and Pinboards users search for but do not find. Consider building Answers and Pinboards that answer these questions, or empower more users to build their own Answers and Pinboards by searching your data.

{: id="top-search-not-useful"}
## Top Search Queries on existing answers where the user did not find any useful result
This visualization lists users' top search queries that did not result in a useful Answer or Pinboard. The users did not click on any of the results. Consider building Answers and Pinboards that better answer these questions, or empower these users to build their own Answers and Pinboards by searching your data.

{: id="weekly-searches"}
## Weekly Searches on answers
This visualization shows the number of searches on Answers and Pinboards on a weekly basis.

{: id="top-answers"}
## Top Answers
This visualization lists the top Answers and Pinboards that users who searched for Answers and Pinboards found useful in the last 30 days.

{: id="weekly-queries-no-answer"}
## Weekly % of search queries on answers for which no answers exist
This visualization shows the percentage of searches on existing Answers and Pinboards that had no results, on a weekly basis. The lower the percentage of searches with no results, the better the user experience. If you have a high percentage of queries without results, consider building more Answers and Pinboards, or empower more users to build their own Answers and Pinboards by searching your data.

{: id="poor-performance"}
## Top search queries with poor performance
This visualization lists queries in the last 30 days for which users browsed multiple Answers and Pinboards, before finding the right Answer or Pinboard.

{: id="best-practices"}
## Best practices
You can use the Stats and Trends Pinboard to understand your company's use of ThoughtSpot in many ways. Here are a few of the most useful ways to interact with this Pinboard.

1. **Monitor Adoption**:<br>
    Keep track of the [number of searches](#number-of-searches) on existing Answers and Pinboards in the last 7 days, and on the [number of searches on Answers on a weekly basis](#weekly-searches). 

{: id="sharing-best-practices"}
### Sharing best practices
