_admin/ts-cloud/business-user-pinboard-view.md, before:

---
title: [Explore your Pinboard]
last_updated: 5/22/2020
toc: false
summary: "View the insights into your data, through the ThoughtSpot Pinboard."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

Explore the Pinboard that your administrator recommended to you in ThoughtSpot's [business user onboarding]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/business-user-onboarding.html).

Notice who created this Pinboard, and who uses it.

You can [follow]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/pinboards/follow-pinboard.html) this Pinboard, so you get notifications for major changes to the data it represents.

With Pinboards, you can [drill down]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/drill-down.html) to a chart or table's underlying data for a deeper understanding, or follow an AI-guided exploration of a visualization or headline metric using [Answer Explorer]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/pinboards/answer-explorer.html). You can filter on the Pinboard's data, or on an individual visualization's data.   

Watch this video on Pinboards:

<script src="https://fast.wistia.com/embed/medias/b5boef4vho.jsonp" async></script><script src="https://fast.wistia.com/assets/external/E-v1.js" async></script><span class="wistia_embed wistia_async_b5boef4vho popover=true popoverAnimateThumbnail=true popoverBorderColor=4E55FD popoverBorderWidth=2" style="display:inline-block;height:252px;position:relative;width:450px">&nbsp;</span>

## Next steps
Next, exit the onboarding experience by clicking **Go to homepage**, and start gaining actionable insights by searching your data in ThoughtSpot.

Commit message:

pinboard --> liveboard
Signed-off-by: Naomi <>

_admin/ts-cloud/business-user-pinboard-view.md, after:

---
title: [Explore your Liveboard]
last_updated: 11/04/2021
toc: false
summary: "View the insights into your data, through the ThoughtSpot Liveboard."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

Explore the Liveboard that your administrator recommended to you in ThoughtSpot's [business user onboarding]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/business-user-onboarding.html).

Notice who created this Liveboard, and who uses it.

You can [follow]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/pinboards/follow-pinboard.html) this Liveboard, so you get notifications for major changes to the data it represents.

With Liveboards, you can [drill down]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/drill-down.html) to a chart or table's underlying data for a deeper understanding, or follow an AI-guided exploration of a visualization or headline metric using [Answer Explorer]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/pinboards/answer-explorer.html). You can filter on the Liveboard's data, or on an individual visualization's data.   

Watch this video on Liveboards:

<script src="https://fast.wistia.com/embed/medias/b5boef4vho.jsonp" async></script><script src="https://fast.wistia.com/assets/external/E-v1.js" async></script><span class="wistia_embed wistia_async_b5boef4vho popover=true popoverAnimateThumbnail=true popoverBorderColor=4E55FD popoverBorderWidth=2" style="display:inline-block;height:252px;position:relative;width:450px">&nbsp;</span>

## Next steps
Next, exit the onboarding experience by clicking **Go to homepage**, and start gaining actionable insights by searching your data in ThoughtSpot.
