_admin/ts-cloud/business-user-pinboard-select.md, before:

---
title: [Select a Pinboard]
last_updated: 5/22/2020
toc: false
summary: "Choose a Pinboard to follow or explore."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

Your organization uses default dashboards, called Pinboards, to collect and present the information you need. In ThoughtSpot's [business user onboarding]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/business-user-onboarding.html), you see several Pinboards that your administrator recommends you explore. Select a Pinboard to explore.

Pinboards help you discover insights and visualizations for better business decisions. You can also [drill down]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/drill-down.html) to underlying data for a deeper understanding.

Watch this video on Pinboards:

<script src="https://fast.wistia.com/embed/medias/b5boef4vho.jsonp" async></script><script src="https://fast.wistia.com/assets/external/E-v1.js" async></script><span class="wistia_embed wistia_async_b5boef4vho popover=true popoverAnimateThumbnail=true popoverBorderColor=4E55FD popoverBorderWidth=2" style="display:inline-block;height:252px;position:relative;width:450px">&nbsp;</span>

## Next steps
Next, [explore your Pinboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/business-user-pinboard-view.html).

Commit message:

pinboard --> liveboard
Signed-off-by: Naomi <>

_admin/ts-cloud/business-user-pinboard-select.md, after:

---
title: [Select a Liveboard]
last_updated: 11/04/2021
toc: false
summary: "Choose a Liveboard to follow or explore."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

Your organization uses default dashboards, called Liveboards, to collect and present the information you need. In ThoughtSpot's [business user onboarding]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/business-user-onboarding.html), you see several Liveboards that your administrator recommends you explore. Select a Liveboard to explore.

Liveboards help you discover insights and visualizations for better business decisions. You can also [drill down]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/drill-down.html) to underlying data for a deeper understanding.

Watch this video on Liveboards:

<script src="https://fast.wistia.com/embed/medias/b5boef4vho.jsonp" async></script><script src="https://fast.wistia.com/assets/external/E-v1.js" async></script><span class="wistia_embed wistia_async_b5boef4vho popover=true popoverAnimateThumbnail=true popoverBorderColor=4E55FD popoverBorderWidth=2" style="display:inline-block;height:252px;position:relative;width:450px">&nbsp;</span>

## Next steps
Next, [explore your Liveboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/business-user-pinboard-view.html).
