_admin/ts-cloud/consumption-pricing.md, before:

---
title: [Consumption-based pricing]
last_updated: 1/26/2021
summary: ThoughtSpot’s consumption-based licensing model lets you license ThoughtSpot based on usage of the ThoughtSpot product.
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
ThoughtSpot’s consumption-based licensing model lets you license ThoughtSpot based on your users' usage of the ThoughtSpot product. When you purchase a consumption-based ThoughtSpot license, ThoughtSpot bills you based on [credits](#credits). The ThoughtSpot consumption licensing model is available for both ThoughtSpot Cloud and for Embrace software deployment on your cloud platform.

Refer to the [Consumption pricing FAQ]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/consumption-pricing-faq.html) for more information. To learn about each of ThoughtSpot's pricing options, refer to [ThoughtSpot pricing](https://www.thoughtspot.com/pricing){: target="_blank"}.

{: id="credits"}
## Credits
You purchase and consume credits with the consumption model. A credit is a unit of measure.  Usage of ThoughtSpot, measured in [usage minutes](#usage-minutes), consumes credits. Examples of user activity that consume credits include a user performing a search in ThoughtSpot, viewing or editing Pinboards or answers, creating and editing worksheets, or making any administrative changes or setup. Each user actively using ThoughtSpot consumes credits, even if they are using the product at the same time. You consume 1 credit for each usage minute. ThoughtSpot refers to this as *credit consumption rate* or *credit burn rate.*

{: id="usage-minutes"}
## Usage minutes
Usage minutes refer to the number of minutes of ThoughtSpot usage. Each user's usage minutes are calculated separately. Usage minutes are calculated in the following ways:
- Any user activity in the application kicks off a 10 minute usage block.
- Any additional user activity within that 10 minutes does not drive additional consumption and the whole session will be charged at 10 minutes.
- The first click after the initial 10 minute window ends, initiates a second 10 minute session.
- Each user’s usage is counted separately.

    ![Usage minutes example]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/consumption-example.png "Usage minutes example")

## User activity that incurs usage minutes
User activity is defined as any user-triggered (initiated) action in ThoughtSpot, starting from the time the action is initiated until the time that the results of the action(s) are visible to the user in the product. This includes any time spent by ThoughtSpot in processing the user-triggered action in order to present the results to the user. User activity is measured in [usage minutes](#usage-minutes).

User activity that incurs usage minutes includes any user interaction with the product, such as:
- Clicking on any interactive elements inside the ThoughtSpot product, such as menu items, search boxes, tabs, buttons, icons and other user interface artifacts. Some examples are:
    - Performing searches on data or search-related actions such as Explore, filters, drill-down, showing underlying data, and other related actions
    - Creating, editing, updating deleting or interacting with Answers, Pinboards, Worksheets, tables, Views, and other objects
    - Triggering user-initiated SpotIQ analyses
    - Setup and configuration actions in the product (such as those performed in the **Admin** section of the product or other such parts of the product)
    - Uploads, downloads, sharing, triggering the sending of emails from within the product
- Browser actions (such as refreshing the page or using the **forward** or **back** buttons)
- Any scrolling in the product that triggers updates to objects or content being viewed
    For example, if a user is scrolling through a Pinboard, initially it displays only a subset of the charts that can fit on the screen. This counts as initial user activity. At any point, if the user scrolls through the Pinboard, resulting in ThoughtSpot loading and displaying additional charts in that Pinboard for the first time, this counts as additional user activity.

{: id="credit-usage-pinboard"}
## Monitor your consumption
You can monitor your credit consumption with the Credit Usage pinboard, a new default admin-only pinboard with data from the new Credit Usage worksheet. You can also use the new default admin-only answers with data from the Credit Usage worksheet, *Sample Answer - Credit usage details* and *Credit usage from Charging Records*. You can access the pinboards and answers by searching for them from the home page, or from the **Pinboards** or **Answers** pages.

![Credit Usage pinboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/consumption-usage-pinboard.png "Credit Usage Pinboard")

The Credit Usage pinboard contains useful visualizations and headlines you can use to monitor your consumption. You can use it to determine which users or time periods consume more credits than others. You can also search the data yourself, using the Credit Usage worksheet, and create your own answers and pinboards.

The Credit Usage Pinboard contains the following visualizations and headlines:
- Daily Usage, with Unique Users (last 30 days)
- Billable Credits Consumed, All Time
- Billable Credits Consumed, Month to Date
- Credits Purchased, Expiry Date
- Uncapped Credits Consumed, Month to Date
- Uncapped Credits Consumed, All Time
- Credit Consumption & Usage, Top 10 Users, This Month
- Monthly Credits Consumed, with Unique Users
- Weekly Credits Consumed, with Unique Users, Last 8 Weeks
- Month of Year Credit Usage, by User GUID

Use the visualizations on this pinboard to monitor your consumption. For example, you may notice that a certain user consumes most of your credits, or that there was a spike during a certain time window. You can then use the new default answers to [analyze user activity and event details](#user-activity).

{: id="user-activity"}
### Analyze user activity and event details
ThoughtSpot provides 2 default system answers to help you track and analyze your credit consumption. These answers allow you to dive deeper into the credit consumption and activities of a specific user, or over a specific time window.

Follow these best practices for the 2 new answers, *Sample Answer - Credit usage details* and *Credit usage from Charging Records*.

1. Examine the Credit Usage pinboard to determine a user or time window of interest. For example, you may notice that a certain user consumes most of your credits, or that there was a spike during a certain time window.

2. Determine how you want to investigate this credit consumption:
    - **Sample Answer - Credit usage details**: This answer is ideal for looking into object-level details, such as the objects a user accessed and the actions they performed on those objects.
    - **Credit usage from Charging Records**: Use this answer to learn more about API-level details. You can map activities and credit consumption to specific API calls.

3. Use the built-in filters on these answers to narrow down your search to the user and time window of interest. You must edit the time window filter in the search bar, using this syntax: `Timestamp >= mm/dd/yyyy hh:mm:ss Timestamp <= mm/dd/yyyy hh:mm:ss`. ThoughtSpot filters the answer to only show data in between the two dates you specify. Select a user to filter by, and for the *Sample Answer - Credit usage details* answer, optionally select a user action filter.

Commit message:

SCAL-88825 credit usage pinboard in admin console
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_admin/ts-cloud/consumption-pricing.md, after:

---
title: [Consumption-based pricing]
last_updated: 1/26/2021
summary: ThoughtSpot’s consumption-based licensing model lets you license ThoughtSpot based on usage of the ThoughtSpot product.
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
ThoughtSpot’s consumption-based licensing model lets you license ThoughtSpot based on your users' usage of the ThoughtSpot product. When you purchase a consumption-based ThoughtSpot license, ThoughtSpot bills you based on [credits](#credits). The ThoughtSpot consumption licensing model is available for both ThoughtSpot Cloud and for Embrace software deployment on your cloud platform.

Refer to the [Consumption pricing FAQ]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/consumption-pricing-faq.html) for more information. To learn about each of ThoughtSpot's pricing options, refer to [ThoughtSpot pricing](https://www.thoughtspot.com/pricing){: target="_blank"}.

{: id="credits"}
## Credits
You purchase and consume credits with the consumption model. A credit is a unit of measure.  Usage of ThoughtSpot, measured in [usage minutes](#usage-minutes), consumes credits. Examples of user activity that consume credits include a user performing a search in ThoughtSpot, viewing or editing Pinboards or answers, creating and editing worksheets, or making any administrative changes or setup. Each user actively using ThoughtSpot consumes credits, even if they are using the product at the same time. You consume 1 credit for each usage minute. ThoughtSpot refers to this as *credit consumption rate* or *credit burn rate.*

{: id="usage-minutes"}
## Usage minutes
Usage minutes refer to the number of minutes of ThoughtSpot usage. Each user's usage minutes are calculated separately. Usage minutes are calculated in the following ways:
- Any user activity in the application kicks off a 10 minute usage block.
- Any additional user activity within that 10 minutes does not drive additional consumption and the whole session will be charged at 10 minutes.
- The first click after the initial 10 minute window ends, initiates a second 10 minute session.
- Each user’s usage is counted separately.

    ![Usage minutes example]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/consumption-example.png "Usage minutes example")

## User activity that incurs usage minutes
User activity is defined as any user-triggered (initiated) action in ThoughtSpot, starting from the time the action is initiated until the time that the results of the action(s) are visible to the user in the product. This includes any time spent by ThoughtSpot in processing the user-triggered action in order to present the results to the user. User activity is measured in [usage minutes](#usage-minutes).

User activity that incurs usage minutes includes any user interaction with the product, such as:
- Clicking on any interactive elements inside the ThoughtSpot product, such as menu items, search boxes, tabs, buttons, icons and other user interface artifacts. Some examples are:
    - Performing searches on data or search-related actions such as Explore, filters, drill-down, showing underlying data, and other related actions
    - Creating, editing, updating deleting or interacting with Answers, Pinboards, Worksheets, tables, Views, and other objects
    - Triggering user-initiated SpotIQ analyses
    - Setup and configuration actions in the product (such as those performed in the **Admin** section of the product or other such parts of the product)
    - Uploads, downloads, sharing, triggering the sending of emails from within the product
- Browser actions (such as refreshing the page or using the **forward** or **back** buttons)
- Any scrolling in the product that triggers updates to objects or content being viewed
    For example, if a user is scrolling through a Pinboard, initially it displays only a subset of the charts that can fit on the screen. This counts as initial user activity. At any point, if the user scrolls through the Pinboard, resulting in ThoughtSpot loading and displaying additional charts in that Pinboard for the first time, this counts as additional user activity.

{: id="credit-usage-pinboard"}
## Monitor your consumption
You can monitor your credit consumption with the Credit Usage pinboard, a new default admin-only pinboard with data from the new Credit Usage worksheet. You can also use the new default admin-only answers with data from the Credit Usage worksheet, *Sample Answer - Credit usage details* and *Credit usage from Charging Records*. You can access the Credit Usage pinboard from the Admin Console, under **Billing > Credit Consumption**. You can access the answers by searching for them from the home page, or from the **Answers** page.

![Credit Usage pinboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/consumption-usage-pinboard-admin-console.png "Credit Usage Pinboard")

The Credit Usage pinboard in the Admin Console contains useful visualizations and headlines you can use to monitor your consumption. You can use it to determine which users or time periods consume more credits than others. You can also search the data yourself, using the Credit Usage worksheet, and create your own answers and pinboards.

The Credit Usage Pinboard contains the following visualizations and headlines:
- Daily Usage, with Unique Users (last 30 days)
- Billable Credits Consumed, All Time
- Billable Credits Consumed, Month to Date
- Credits Purchased, Expiry Date
- Uncapped Credits Consumed, Month to Date
- Uncapped Credits Consumed, All Time
- Credit Consumption & Usage, Top 10 Users, This Month
- Monthly Credits Consumed, with Unique Users
- Weekly Credits Consumed, with Unique Users, Last 8 Weeks
- Month of Year Credit Usage, by User GUID

Use the visualizations on this pinboard to monitor your consumption. For example, you may notice that a certain user consumes most of your credits, or that there was a spike during a certain time window. You can then use the new default answers to [analyze user activity and event details](#user-activity).

{: id="user-activity"}
### Analyze user activity and event details
ThoughtSpot provides 2 default system answers to help you track and analyze your credit consumption. These answers allow you to dive deeper into the credit consumption and activities of a specific user, or over a specific time window.

Follow these best practices for the 2 new answers, *Sample Answer - Credit usage details* and *Credit usage from Charging Records*.

1. Examine the Credit Usage pinboard to determine a user or time window of interest. For example, you may notice that a certain user consumes most of your credits, or that there was a spike during a certain time window.

2. Determine how you want to investigate this credit consumption:
    - **Sample Answer - Credit usage details**: This answer is ideal for looking into object-level details, such as the objects a user accessed and the actions they performed on those objects.
    - **Credit usage from Charging Records**: Use this answer to learn more about API-level details. You can map activities and credit consumption to specific API calls.

3. Use the built-in filters on these answers to narrow down your search to the user and time window of interest. You must edit the time window filter in the search bar, using this syntax: `Timestamp >= mm/dd/yyyy hh:mm:ss Timestamp <= mm/dd/yyyy hh:mm:ss`. ThoughtSpot filters the answer to only show data in between the two dates you specify. Select a user to filter by, and for the *Sample Answer - Credit usage details* answer, optionally select a user action filter.
