---
title: [Customization and rebranding]
last_updated: 11/05/2021
summary: "You can rebrand your embedded ThoughtSpot content to match the look and feel of your host application and customize system-generated links and notifications."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

{% include content/liveboards-announcement.md %}

The **Customizations** menu in the **Develop** tab allows several options to customize your embedded ThoughtSpot content.

## Style customization
You can customize your embedded ThoughtSpot content to match the styles and layout of your host application.

You can modify the following UI components by using the **Customization** > **Styles** menu in the **Develop** tab:
-   Application logo & favicon
-   Font style for charts and tables
-   Background color of the application
-   Background color of the navigation panel
-   Color palette for charts
-   Footer text
-   Page title

For more information about rebranding the look and feel of the embedded ThoughtSpot UI, see [Customize layout and styles](https://developers.thoughtspot.com/docs/?pageid=customize-style){:target="_blank"}.

## Customize the format of system-generated links

ThoughtSpot sends system-generated links when a user shares an object with another user, schedules a Liveboard job, or runs SpotIQ analyses on a search answer. ThoughtSpot sends these links in email notifications to allow the recipients to access a shared object or a Liveboard to which they have subscribed. By default, the system-generated links point to the standalone ThoughtSpot application instance.

For an embedded ThoughtSpot instance, you might want to generate links in the format that preserves your host application context. The **Links** menu in the **Develop** tab allows you to customize the format of links generated by ThoughtSpot.

For more information, see [Customize links](https://developers.thoughtspot.com/docs/?pageid=customize-links){:target="_blank"}.

## Customize onboarding settings

ThoughtSpot allows you to customize the message text of welcome emails and add your product name in system-generated email notifications. If you have admin user privileges, you can [customize email settings and onboarding experience](https://developers.thoughtspot.com/docs/?pageid=customize-emails){:target="_blank"} for your application users.
