_admin/ts-cloud/object-usage.md, before:

---
title: [Object Usage Pinboard]
last_updated: 05/26/2021
summary: "Use the Object Usage Pinboard to understand how your ThoughtSpot users are interacting with ThoughtSpot objects such as worksheets, tables, and views."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

The Object Usage Pinboard contains essential information about your data objects (worksheets, tables, views, etc.) and how users interact with them. Use this pinboard to understand what users have accessed, and to identify unused objects you can delete. For more detailed information on individual users' actions within ThoughtSpot, filter the pinboard by user from the filter bar under the pinboard name. You must have admin privileges to view this pinboard.

To view this pinboard, select **Pinboards** from the top navigation bar. Search for **Object Usage** in the Search bar, or search for the **System** tag.

![Object Usage Pinboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/object-usage.png "Product Usage Pinboard")


The Object Usage Pinboard contains information about the following topics:
- Specifies what worksheets, tables, and views users search on
- Specifies what columns in existing worksheets, tables and views users search most frequently
- Displays monthly usage of worksheets, tables and views to help identify objects with low or no usage (Monthly Worksheet Volume, Monthly Table Volume, Monthly View Volume)

Commit message:

pinboard --> liveboard
Signed-off-by: Naomi <>

_admin/ts-cloud/object-usage.md, after:

---
title: [Object Usage Liveboard]
last_updated: 11/04/2021
summary: "Use the Object Usage Liveboard to understand how your ThoughtSpot users are interacting with ThoughtSpot objects such as worksheets, tables, and views."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

The Object Usage Liveboard contains essential information about your data objects (worksheets, tables, views, etc.) and how users interact with them. Use this Liveboard to understand what users have accessed, and to identify unused objects you can delete. For more detailed information on individual users' actions within ThoughtSpot, filter the Liveboard by user from the filter bar under the Liveboard name. You must have admin privileges to view this Liveboard.

To view this Liveboard, select **Liveboards** from the top navigation bar. Search for **Object Usage** in the Search bar, or search for the **System** tag.

![Object Usage Liveboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/object-usage.png "Product Usage Liveboard")


The Object Usage Liveboard contains information about the following topics:
- Specifies what worksheets, tables, and views users search on
- Specifies what columns in existing worksheets, tables and views users search most frequently
- Displays monthly usage of worksheets, tables and views to help identify objects with low or no usage (Monthly Worksheet Volume, Monthly Table Volume, Monthly View Volume)
