_admin/ts-cloud/performance-tracking.md, before:

---
title: [Performance tracking pinboard]
last_updated: 2/23/2021
summary: "Use the Performance tracking pinboard to understand how your ThoughtSpot cluster is performing."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
The Performance Tracking Pinboard contains essential information about your ThoughtSpot cluster's performance. Use this Pinboard to understand query latency, user traffic, how users are interacting with ThoughtSpot, most frequently loaded tables, and so on. You must have admin privileges to view this Pinboard.

![Performance Tracking Pinboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-performance-tracking.png "Performance Tracking Pinboard")

To view this Pinboard, navigate to the Admin Console by selecting **Admin** from the top navigation bar. Select **App performance** from the side navigation bar in the Admin Console.

Use this Pinboard to view and analyze information about the following topics:
- query latency
- whether users are searchers or consumers
- user traffic
- database latency
- query timeouts
- frequently loaded tables
- data requests and latency
- data errors
- pinboard latency

Commit message:

pinboard --> liveboard
Signed-off-by: Naomi <>

_admin/ts-cloud/performance-tracking.md, after:

---
title: [Performance tracking Liveboard]
last_updated: 11/04/2021
summary: "Use the Performance tracking Liveboard to understand how your ThoughtSpot cluster is performing."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
The Performance Tracking Liveboard contains essential information about your ThoughtSpot cluster's performance. Use this Liveboard to understand query latency, user traffic, how users are interacting with ThoughtSpot, most frequently loaded tables, and so on. You must have admin privileges to view this Liveboard.

![Performance Tracking Liveboard]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/admin-portal-performance-tracking.png "Performance Tracking Liveboard")

To view this Liveboard, navigate to the Admin Console by selecting **Admin** from the top navigation bar. Select **App performance** from the side navigation bar in the Admin Console.

Use this Liveboard to view and analyze information about the following topics:
- query latency
- whether users are searchers or consumers
- user traffic
- database latency
- query timeouts
- frequently loaded tables
- data requests and latency
- data errors
- Liveboard latency
