_admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-adw-edit-connection.md, before:

---
title: [Edit an ADW connection for ThoughtSpot Cloud]
last_updated: 1/20/2021
toc: true
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

You can edit an ADW connection to add tables and columns.

To edit a connection:

1. Click **Data** in the top navigation bar.

2. Click the **Connections** tab at the top of the page.

3. Click the name of the connection you want to edit.

   ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/select-connection.png "select Connection")

4. Click **Edit connection** at the upper-right-hand side of the page.

   ![Edit connection]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/adw-editconnection.png "Edit connection")

5. On the Choose connection type page, change the connection name or description (if needed), and then click **Continue**.  

6. On the ADW connection details page, make any changes needed, and then click **Continue**.

7. Expand the database table drop-down menu, and select the tables and columns you want to add.

    ![Select tables and columns]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/redshift-edittables.png "Select tables and columns")

8. Click **Update**, and then click **Confirm** to save the updated connection detail.

To remove a table from a connection, delete it from the connection details page. For more information, see: [Delete an ADW connection]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-adw-delete-connection.html).

See the [Connection reference]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-adw-connection-reference.html) for details of connection parameters.

We also recommend that you review [Best Practices for ADW connections]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-adw-best-practices.html)

Commit message:

more embrace adw screenshots
Signed-off-by: Mark Plummer <mark.plummer@thoughtspot.com>

_admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-adw-edit-connection.md, after:

---
title: [Edit an ADW connection for ThoughtSpot Cloud]
last_updated: 1/20/2021
toc: true
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

You can edit an ADW connection to add tables and columns.

To edit a connection:

1. Click **Data** in the top navigation bar.

2. Click the **Embrace** tab at the top of the page.

3. Click the name of the connection you want to edit.

   ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/adw-select-connection.png "select Connection")

4. Click **Edit connection** at the upper-right-hand side of the page.

   ![Edit connection]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/adw-editconnection.png "Edit connection")

   By default, the Select tables page appears. You have the option, though, to change the connection name and update the connection details, by clicking the appropriate option at the top of the screen, making any changes needed and clicking Continue to go to the next page.

   ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/edit_connection_btns.png)

5. Expand the database table drop-down menu, and select the tables and columns you want to add.

   ![Select tables and columns]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/teradata-edittables.png "Select tables and columns")   

6. Click **Update**, and then click **Confirm** to save the updated connection detail.

To remove a table from a connection, delete it from the connection details page. For more information, see: [Delete an ADW connection]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-adw-delete-connection.html).

See the [Connection reference]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-adw-connection-reference.html) for details of connection parameters.

We also recommend that you review [Best Practices for ADW connections]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-adw-best-practices.html)
