_admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-cust-cal-delete.md, before:

---
title: [Delete a custom calendar]
last_updated: 5/5/2021
toc: false
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---


## Deleting a custom calendar

To delete a custom calendar, do the following:

1. Click **Data** in the top navigation bar.

   The Data Objects page appears.

2. Click the More menu ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline}, and select ![calendar icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/calendar.png){: .inline}  **Custom calendar**.

   The Custom calendar page appears.

3. Click the More menu ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} next to the custom calendar you want to delete, and select **Delete**.

   The calendar is deleted and disappears from the list on the Custom calendar page.

## Related information

[Custom calendar overview]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-cust-cal.html#)  
[Create a custom calendar]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-cust-cal-create.html#)  
[Update a custom calendar]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-cust-cal-update.html#)

Commit message:

updates based on feedback from asta and srujana
Signed-off-by: Mark Plummer <mark.plummer@thoughtspot.com>

_admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-cust-cal-delete.md, after:

---
title: [Delete a custom calendar]
last_updated: 5/5/2021
toc: false
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---


## Deleting a custom calendar

To delete a custom calendar, do the following:

1. Click **Data** in the top navigation bar.

   The Data Objects page appears.

2. Click the More menu ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline}, and select ![calendar icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/calendar.png){: .inline}  **Custom calendar**.

   The Custom calendar page appears.

3. Click the More menu ![more options menu icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-ellipses.png){: .inline} next to the custom calendar you want to delete, and select **Delete**.

   The calendar is deleted and disappears from the list on the Custom calendar page.

   {% include note.html content="When you delete a calendar, the mapping to the table is removed from ThoughtSpot, but the table is not dropped from the external database." %}

## Related information

[Custom calendar overview]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-cust-cal.html#)  
[Create a custom calendar]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-cust-cal-create.html#)  
[Update a custom calendar]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/ts-cloud-embrace-cust-cal-update.html#)
