_complex-search/about-moving-formulas.md, before:

---
title: [Moving functions]


last_updated: 10/28/2020
summary: "Moving formulas are aggregate formulas that allow you to calculate the average, max, min, or sum of your data over a predetermined interval, or window, with an adjustable range."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

Moving formulas can be used to smooth out any irregularities in your data to
easily recognize trends. The larger the interval you set, the more the peaks and
valleys are smoothed out. While the smaller the interval, the closer the moving
averages are to the actual data points.

Each of the moving formula accepts a measure, two integers to define the window,
and one or more optional attributes.

```
formula (measure,integer,integer,[attribute,attribute,...])
```

Only the measure and integer values are required. If you supply both required
and optional values, the formula returns the aggregate of the measure over the
given window. You should experiment with only a measure and integers leaving out
the attribute and then adding it back in. This will help you decide which output
best meets your use case.

The moving formulas are the following:

* `moving_average`, for example `moving_average (revenue, 2, 1, customer region)`

  Takes a measure, two integers to define the window to aggregate over, and one
  or more attributes. Returns the average of the measure over the given window.
  The attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving average.
  The window is (`current - Num1...Current + Num2`) with both end points being
  included in the window. For example, `1,1` will have a window size of 3. To
  see periods in the past, use a negative number for the second endpoint, as in
  the example `moving_average(sales, 1, -1, date)`.

* `moving_max`, for example `moving_max (complaints, 1, 2, store name)`

  Takes a measure, two integers to define the window to aggregate over, and one
  or more attributes. Returns the maximum of the measure over the given window.
  The attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving maximum.
  The window is (current - Num1...Current + Num2) with both end points being
  included in the window. For example, `1,1` will have a window size of 3. To
  see periods in the past, use a negative number for the second endpoint, as in
  the example `moving_max(sales, 1, -1, date)`.

* `moving_min`, for example `moving_min (defects, 3, 1, product)`

    Takes a measure, two integers to define the window to aggregate over, and
    one or more attributes. Returns the minimum of the measure over the given
    window. The attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving
    minimum. The window is (current - Num1...Current + Num2) with both end
    points being included in the window. For example, `1,1` will have a window
    size of 3. To see periods in the past, use a negative number for the second
    endpoint, as in the example `moving_min(sales, 1, -1, date)`.

* `moving_sum`, for example `moving_sum (revenue, 1, 1, order date)`

  Takes a measure, two integers to define the window to aggregate over, and one
  or more attributes. Returns the sum of the measure over the given window. The
  attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving sum. The window
  is (current - Num1...Current + Num2) with both end points being included in
  the window. For example, `1,1` will have a window size of 3. To see periods in
  the past, use a negative number for the second endpoint, as in the example
  `moving_sum(sales, 1, -1, date)`.


## Calculate a moving average

This example  demonstrates using the `moving_average` formula. To use the moving function in a search:

1. Start a new search, or edit an existing Answer.

2. In the upper-right side of the table, click the three-dot Actions ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-more-10px.png){: .inline} icon and select Add formula.

    ![Select Add formula]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/formula-add-to-search.png "Select Add formula")

3. Enter the moving_average formula, providing a measure, a window, and one or more attributes.

    The example returns the average of revenue, within the commit date window size of 3. The window includes the previous, current, and next rows. The attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving average. The window is (current - Num1...Current + Num2) with both end points being included in the window. For example, "1,1" will have a window size of 3. To see periods in the past, use a negative number for the second endpoint, as in the example "moving_average(revenue, 1, -1, date)".

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/moving_average_formula.png "Moving Average Formula")

4. Name the formula by entering a title in the top field, and then click **Save**.

   The formula appears in the search bar and in the table as its own column.

   ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/moving_average_table.png "Moving Average Table")

   A box displaying the moving average within the entire table will appear at the bottom.

5. To use a different aggregation type, click the current aggregation type in the bottom of the box and select another type.

Commit message:

SCAL-74233 answer v2 everything except spotiq analyze, filters, back button, and a few UI changes
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_complex-search/about-moving-formulas.md, after:

---
title: [Moving functions]


last_updated: 4/2/2021
summary: "Moving formulas are aggregate formulas that allow you to calculate the average, max, min, or sum of your data over a predetermined interval, or window, with an adjustable range."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

{% include note.html content="The new formula editor is part of the new Answer experience. If you have the new Answer experience on, the new version of the Formula Editor appears when you add a formula to a search, but not when you add a formula to a Worksheet. You can turn the new Answer experience on or off individually from the <strong>Experience manager</strong> panel in your profile." %}

Moving formulas can be used to smooth out any irregularities in your data to
easily recognize trends. The larger the interval you set, the more the peaks and
valleys are smoothed out. While the smaller the interval, the closer the moving
averages are to the actual data points.

Each of the moving formula accepts a measure, two integers to define the window,
and one or more optional attributes.

```
formula (measure,integer,integer,[attribute,attribute,...])
```

Only the measure and integer values are required. If you supply both required
and optional values, the formula returns the aggregate of the measure over the
given window. You should experiment with only a measure and integers leaving out
the attribute and then adding it back in. This will help you decide which output
best meets your use case.

The moving formulas are the following:

* `moving_average`, for example `moving_average (revenue, 2, 1, customer region)`

  Takes a measure, two integers to define the window to aggregate over, and one
  or more attributes. Returns the average of the measure over the given window.
  The attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving average.
  The window is (`current - Num1...Current + Num2`) with both end points being
  included in the window. For example, `1,1` will have a window size of 3. To
  see periods in the past, use a negative number for the second endpoint, as in
  the example `moving_average(sales, 1, -1, date)`.

* `moving_max`, for example `moving_max (complaints, 1, 2, store name)`

  Takes a measure, two integers to define the window to aggregate over, and one
  or more attributes. Returns the maximum of the measure over the given window.
  The attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving maximum.
  The window is (current - Num1...Current + Num2) with both end points being
  included in the window. For example, `1,1` will have a window size of 3. To
  see periods in the past, use a negative number for the second endpoint, as in
  the example `moving_max(sales, 1, -1, date)`.

* `moving_min`, for example `moving_min (defects, 3, 1, product)`

    Takes a measure, two integers to define the window to aggregate over, and
    one or more attributes. Returns the minimum of the measure over the given
    window. The attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving
    minimum. The window is (current - Num1...Current + Num2) with both end
    points being included in the window. For example, `1,1` will have a window
    size of 3. To see periods in the past, use a negative number for the second
    endpoint, as in the example `moving_min(sales, 1, -1, date)`.

* `moving_sum`, for example `moving_sum (revenue, 1, 1, order date)`

  Takes a measure, two integers to define the window to aggregate over, and one
  or more attributes. Returns the sum of the measure over the given window. The
  attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving sum. The window
  is (current - Num1...Current + Num2) with both end points being included in
  the window. For example, `1,1` will have a window size of 3. To see periods in
  the past, use a negative number for the second endpoint, as in the example
  `moving_sum(sales, 1, -1, date)`.


## Calculate a moving average

This example  demonstrates using the `moving_average` formula. To use the moving function in a search:

1. Start a new search, or edit an existing Answer.

2. Open the Data panel from the upper right corner if it is not open, and click the + icon next to Formulas. If the new Answer experience is off in your environment, click the three-dot Actions ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-more-10px.png){: .inline} icon in the upper-right side of the table, and select Add formula.

    ![Click + to add a formula]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/formula-editor-add.png "Click + to add a formula")

3. Enter the moving_average formula, providing a measure, a window, and one or more attributes.

    The example returns the average of revenue, within the commit date window size of 3. The window includes the previous, current, and next rows. The attributes are the ordering columns used to compute the moving average. The window is (current - Num1...Current + Num2) with both end points being included in the window. For example, "1,1" will have a window size of 3. To see periods in the past, use a negative number for the second endpoint, as in the example "moving_average(revenue, 1, -1, date)".

    ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/moving_average_formula-new.png "Moving Average Formula")

4. Name the formula by entering a title in the top field, and then click **Save**.

   The formula appears in the search bar and in the table as its own column.

   ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/moving_average_table-new.png "Moving Average Table")

   A box displaying the moving average within the entire table will appear at the bottom.

5. To use a different aggregation type, click the current aggregation type in the bottom of the box and select another type.
