_complex-search/aggregation-flexible.md, before:

---
title: [Flexible aggregation functions]
summary: "Use the group_aggregate function in ThoughtSpot to aggregate measures at different granularities than the dimensions used in the search columns."
last_updated: 08/30/2021
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

## How aggregation formulas work

Typically, the groupings and filters used in a formula use the same fields as columns returned in the search results. The concept of a grouping equates to an attribute column.

For example, in the search `revenue ship mode`, `revenue` is
the measure, and `ship mode` is the attribute, or grouping. The result of this
search shows total revenue for each ship mode:

| revenue | ship mode |
| --- | --- |
| $ _a_ | air |
| $ _r_ | rail |
| $ _t_ | truck |
| $ _s_ | sea transport |

The aggregation formulas are described in [Overview of aggregate formulas](aggregation-formulas.html#).

## About flexible aggregation

ThoughtSpot provides flexible aggregation with the `group_aggregate` function. You can use this formula
to group and filter query results on different dimensions and granularities from the columns already used in the search bar query.

The `group_aggregate` formula uses a sub-query to perform these custom aggregations. If the sub-query
is at a higher detailed level, ThoughtSpot adds the result column to the result of original
query. When the sub-query is at a finer detail level than the original query, ThoughtSpot uses _roll-up_, or _reaggregation_.

This is particularly useful for comparison analysis.

To use the groups and filters, specify them using the `query_groups` and
`query_filters` keywords, respectively. You can also add or exclude groups or filters.

{% include content/flexible-aggregation-best-practices.md %}

## Examples

For a search on `revenue monthly ship mode`, you can add a formula to calculate yearly revenue by ship mode:

```
group_aggregate(sum(revenue), {ship mode, year(commit date)}, {})
```

The same formula can also be written using `query_groups()` and `query_filters()` as following:

```
group_aggregate(sum(revenue), query_groups() - {commit date} + {year(commit date)}, {})
```

This is helpful to include the main query groups that are not known at formula
creation time. You can use `+/-` to modify the set of groups included from
the query.

## Finer-grained group formula results

The flexibility of groupings for group formulas enables you to create formula that generates a computed column that is finer or courser than the search itself.

For example, you can have a search that shows **total yearly sales** and a
formula that computes total sales _for each month_ (a finer-grained calculation
than the search).

In such cases, if an additional aggregation is specified by the formula, the
results get _reaggregated_.

Reaggregation can be applied in either of these ways:

* You can add an aggregation keyword just before a formula column in a search.
For example, in this search we've added the keyword **min** just before our formula
for `monthly_sales`:

  **sum revenue yearly min monthly_sales**

  where, the `monthly_sales` formula is written as:

    ```
     group_aggregate(sum(revenue), {start_of_month(date)}, {})
    ```

* You can create a separate formula, such as in this search for:

  **sum revenue yearly min_monthly_sales**

  where, the `min_monthly_sales` formula is written as:

  ```
  min(monthly_sales)
  ```

Alternatively, if no aggregation is specified, then the search query also
inherits the formula groupings, as in this search:

**sum revenue yearly monthly_sales**

where, the original query is computed at a monthly grain instead of yearly.

## Reaggregation scenarios

Some scenarios require aggregation on an already aggregated result.

For example, computing minimum monthly sales per ship mode, requires two
aggregations:

* the first aggregation of **sum** to compute total monthly sales per ship
mode.

* the second aggregation of **min** to compute minimum sale that happened
for any given month for that ship mode.

An example of this is this search:

**ship mode min monthly_sales**

where the formula `monthly_sales` is written as:

```
group_aggregate(sum(revenue), query_groups() + {start_of_month(date)}, {})
```
For more extensive examples of using the `group-aggregate` function, we encourage you to see [Reaggreggation scenarios in practice]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/practice/reaggregation-scenarios.html)

## Groups and filters

Flexible group aggregate formulas allow for flexibility in both [groupings](about-pinned-measures.html#)
and [filters](filtered-agg-forms.html#). The formulas give you the ability to
specify only groupings or only filters.

## Related information

* For more examples of flexible aggregation, see the [group_aggregate]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/practice/formula-reference.html#group_aggregate) function in the [Formula function reference]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/formula-reference.html).

* To learn about aggregation formulas in general, see
[Overview of aggregate formulas](aggregation-formulas.html#) and
[Group aggregation functions](about-pinned-measures.html#)

* To understand group aggregate query filters, see [Aggregate filters](aggregation-filters.html#)

* To learn about how the `group-aggregate` function can be used within your business practice, we encourage you to see [Reaggregation scenarios in practice]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/practice/reaggregation-scenarios.html)

Commit message:

query filters examples
Signed-off-by: Naomi <>

_complex-search/aggregation-flexible.md, after:

---
title: [Flexible aggregation functions]
summary: "Use the group_aggregate function in ThoughtSpot to aggregate measures at different granularities than the dimensions used in the search columns."
last_updated: 08/30/2021
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

## How aggregation formulas work

Typically, the groupings and filters used in a formula use the same fields as columns returned in the search results. The concept of a grouping equates to an attribute column.

For example, in the search `revenue ship mode`, `revenue` is
the measure, and `ship mode` is the attribute, or grouping. The result of this
search shows total revenue for each ship mode:

| revenue | ship mode |
| --- | --- |
| $ _a_ | air |
| $ _r_ | rail |
| $ _t_ | truck |
| $ _s_ | sea transport |

The aggregation formulas are described in [Overview of aggregate formulas](aggregation-formulas.html#).

## About flexible aggregation

ThoughtSpot provides flexible aggregation with the `group_aggregate` function. You can use this formula
to group and filter query results on different dimensions and granularities from the columns already used in the search bar query.

The `group_aggregate` formula uses a sub-query to perform these custom aggregations. If the sub-query
is at a higher detailed level, ThoughtSpot adds the result column to the result of original
query. When the sub-query is at a finer detail level than the original query, ThoughtSpot uses _roll-up_, or _reaggregation_.

This is particularly useful for comparison analysis.

To use the groups and filters, specify them using the `query_groups` and
`query_filters` keywords, respectively. You can also add or exclude groups or filters.

{% include content/flexible-aggregation-best-practices.md %}

## Examples

For a search on `revenue monthly ship mode`, you can add a formula to calculate yearly revenue by ship mode:

```
group_aggregate(sum(revenue), {ship mode, year(commit date)}, {})
```

The same formula can also be written using `query_groups()` and `query_filters()` as following:

```
group_aggregate(sum(revenue), query_groups() - {commit date} + {year(commit date)}, {})
```

This is helpful to include the main query groups that are not known at formula
creation time. You can use `+/-` to modify the set of groups included from
the query.

## Finer-grained group formula results

The flexibility of groupings for group formulas enables you to create formula that generates a computed column that is finer or courser than the search itself.

For example, you can have a search that shows **total yearly sales** and a
formula that computes total sales _for each month_ (a finer-grained calculation
than the search).

In such cases, if an additional aggregation is specified by the formula, the
results get _reaggregated_.

Reaggregation can be applied in either of these ways:

* You can add an aggregation keyword just before a formula column in a search.
For example, in this search we've added the keyword **min** just before our formula
for `monthly_sales`:

  **sum revenue yearly min monthly_sales**

  where, the `monthly_sales` formula is written as:

    ```
     group_aggregate(sum(revenue), {start_of_month(date)}, {})
    ```

* You can create a separate formula, such as in this search for:

  **sum revenue yearly min_monthly_sales**

  where, the `min_monthly_sales` formula is written as:

  ```
  min(monthly_sales)
  ```

Alternatively, if no aggregation is specified, then the search query also
inherits the formula groupings, as in this search:

**sum revenue yearly monthly_sales**

where, the original query is computed at a monthly grain instead of yearly.

## Reaggregation scenarios

Some scenarios require aggregation on an already aggregated result.

For example, computing minimum monthly sales per ship mode, requires two
aggregations:

* the first aggregation of **sum** to compute total monthly sales per ship
mode.

* the second aggregation of **min** to compute minimum sale that happened
for any given month for that ship mode.

An example of this is this search:

**ship mode min monthly_sales**

where the formula `monthly_sales` is written as:

```
group_aggregate(sum(revenue), query_groups() + {start_of_month(date)}, {})
```
For more extensive examples of using the `group-aggregate` function, we encourage you to see [Reaggreggation scenarios in practice]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/practice/reaggregation-scenarios.html)

## Groups and filters

Flexible group aggregate formulas allow for flexibility in both [groupings](about-pinned-measures.html#)
and [filters](filtered-agg-forms.html#). The formulas give you the ability to
specify only groupings or only filters.

{: id="query-filters"}
## Query filters

With `query_filters()+{filter_condition}` or `query_filters()-{filter_condition}`, users will be able to aggregate the results while including/excluding a filter condition.

Filter condition: `Ship Mode='car'`

For a search on `Category Customer ID sales by customer id and category Ship Mode='car’`, you can add a formula to calculate sales by category for each customer as:

```
sales by Customer ID and Category= group_aggregate (sum(Sales), {Category, Customer ID }, query_filters()+{Ship Mode='air'})
```

In this case, the results will be aggregated based on the dimensions: `‘Category’` and `‘Customer ID’` and filters: `‘air’` and `‘car’`.

With `query_filters()-{column}`, users will be able to aggregate the results while removing any expression related to a column.

Filter condition: `Ship Mode='car'`

For a search on `Customer ID sales by customer id and category Ship Mode='car'`, you can add a formula to calculate sales for each customer while ignoring the filter on a column as:

```
sales by Customer ID and Category= group_aggregate (sum(Sales), {Customer ID, Category }, query_filters()-{Ship Mode})
```

In this case, the results will be aggregated based on the dimensions in the search; Customer ID and any filter related to Ship Mode will not be considered while aggregating the results.

## Related information

* For more examples of flexible aggregation, see the [group_aggregate]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/practice/formula-reference.html#group_aggregate) function in the [Formula function reference]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/formula-reference.html).

* To learn about aggregation formulas in general, see
[Overview of aggregate formulas](aggregation-formulas.html#) and
[Group aggregation functions](about-pinned-measures.html#)

* To understand group aggregate query filters, see [Aggregate filters](aggregation-filters.html#)

* To learn about how the `group-aggregate` function can be used within your business practice, we encourage you to see [Reaggregation scenarios in practice]({{site.baseurl}}/reference/practice/reaggregation-scenarios.html)
