_complex-search/edit-formula-in-answer.md, before:

---
title: [View or edit a formula in an Answer]
summary: Learn how to view or edit a formula.
last_updated: tbd
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
You can always go back and view or edit a formula that was added to an Answer. Anyone who has edit privileges on an Answer can also edit any formulas it contains. To view or edit an existing formula in an Answer:

1. Navigate to the Answer whose formula you would like to edit. If the Answer is within a Pinboard, select the ellipsis menu ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-more-10px.png){: .inline} for that Answer and click **Edit**.

3. Open the **Data** panel from the upper right corner of the **Search** page. Expand the **Formulas** section in the **Data** panel. You can see a list of all the formulas in the Answer.

4. Click the edit icon ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-edit-10px.png){: .inline} next to the formula name.

5. View or edit your formula in the Formula Editor.

     ![Use the Formula Editor]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/worksheet-formula-profit-old.png "Use the Formula Editor")

    {% include note.html content="Formula elements are color coded by type and can include the formula operators and functions (blue), the names of columns (purple), and/or constants (black)." %}

6. If you edited your formula, click **Save** to save your changes. Otherwise, click **Cancel**.

Commit message:

SCAL-74233 answer v2 everything except spotiq analyze, filters, back button, and a few UI changes
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_complex-search/edit-formula-in-answer.md, after:

---
title: [View or edit a formula in an Answer]
summary: Learn how to view or edit a formula.
last_updated: tbd
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
{% include note.html content="The new formula editor is part of the new Answer experience. If you have the new Answer experience on, the new version of the Formula Editor appears when you add a formula to a search, but not when you add a formula to a Worksheet. You can turn the new Answer experience on or off individually from the <strong>Experience manager</strong> panel in your profile." %}

You can always go back and view or edit a formula that was added to an Answer. Anyone who has edit privileges on an Answer can also edit any formulas it contains. To view or edit an existing formula in an Answer:

1. Navigate to the Answer whose formula you would like to edit. If the Answer is within a Pinboard, select the ellipsis menu ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-more-10px.png){: .inline} for that Answer and click **Edit**.

3. Open the **Data** panel from the upper right corner of the **Search** page. Expand the **Formulas** section in the **Data** panel. You can see a list of all the formulas in the Answer.

4. Click the edit icon ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/icon-edit-10px.png){: .inline} next to the formula name.

5. View or edit your formula in the Formula Editor.

     ![Use the Formula Editor]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/worksheet-formula-profit.png "Use the Formula Editor")

    {% include note.html content="Formula elements are color-coded by type and can include the formula operators and functions (blue), the names of columns (purple), and/or constants (black)." %}

6. If you edited your formula, click **Save** to save your changes. Otherwise, click **Cancel**.
