_end-user/introduction/about-navigating-thoughtspot.md, before:

---
title: [Finding your way around]
last_updated: 11/16/2020
toc: false  
summary: "ThoughtSpot is organized into several sections to make navigation easy. You can reach them by using the menu bar."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
These are the different sections in ThoughtSpot:

![Top navigation bar]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/thoughtspot-one-nav-bar.png "Top navigation bar")

## Home

{% include content/ts-one-homepage.md %}

For more information, see [ThoughtSpot One home page]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/thoughtspot-one/thoughtspot-one-homepage.html).

{: id="search"}
## Search

**Search** is where you will spend most of your time. It allows you to search and explore your data. Choose your data sources and type in the search bar at the top. As you type your search, results will appear in the main part of the screen as either a table or a chart.

To learn more about this section, visit [About search]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/about-starting-a-new-search.html#).

{: id="answers"}
## Answers

Answers are the result of a single search. You can save an answer you want to work more on later, or just keep it for your personal use. Answers are for you alone, until you share them with others.

{: id="pinboards"}
## Pinboards

Pinboards are collections of related search results. You can create your own pinboard or add to an existing one. After saving a pinboard, it can be shared with others or viewed as a slideshow. The **Pinboards** page shows a list of saved pinboards. Click one to view, edit, or share it.

To learn more about pinboards, visit [About pinboards]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/pinboards/about-pinboards.html).

{: id="data"}
## Data

**Data** contains a list of data sources (tables and worksheets). These are usually loaded and managed by your administrator. However, you may be able to import a spreadsheet (Excel or CSV) here, if you have the correct privileges.

To learn more about this section, visit [Working with data]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/data-view/data-intro-end-user.html#).

{: id="admin"}
## Admin

**Admin** only appears if you have administrator privileges.

The Admin Console is covered in the [IT Ops]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/it-ops.html) section.

{: id="help-icon"}
## Help Icon

You can find information and support resources for ThoughtSpot here. There are short videos, a navigation overview, links to documentation, and other useful materials. You can also find the software version number here.

To learn more about this section, visit [More help and support]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/help-center/what-you-can-find-in-the-help-center.html#).

{: id="user-icon"}
## User Icon

The **user icon** allows you to either view your preferences or log out. You can also change your icon here.

To learn more about this section, visit [About the user profile]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/introduction/about-user.html).

{: id="related-information"}
## Related information

[Set your ThoughtSpot locale]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/locale.html)

Commit message:

pinboard --> liveboard
Signed-off-by: Naomi <>

_end-user/introduction/about-navigating-thoughtspot.md, after:

---
title: [Finding your way around]
last_updated: 11/04/2021
toc: false  
summary: "ThoughtSpot is organized into several sections to make navigation easy. You can reach them by using the menu bar."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
These are the different sections in ThoughtSpot:

![Top navigation bar]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/thoughtspot-one-nav-bar.png "Top navigation bar")

## Home

{% include content/ts-one-homepage.md %}

For more information, see [ThoughtSpot One home page]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/thoughtspot-one/thoughtspot-one-homepage.html).

{: id="search"}
## Search

**Search** is where you will spend most of your time. It allows you to search and explore your data. Choose your data sources and type in the search bar at the top. As you type your search, results will appear in the main part of the screen as either a table or a chart.

To learn more about this section, visit [About search]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/about-starting-a-new-search.html#).

{: id="answers"}
## Answers

Answers are the result of a single search. You can save an answer you want to work more on later, or just keep it for your personal use. Answers are for you alone, until you share them with others.

{: id="pinboards"}
## Liveboards

Liveboards are collections of related search results. You can create your own Liveboard or add to an existing one. After saving a Liveboard, it can be shared with others or viewed as a slideshow. The **Liveboards** page shows a list of saved Liveboards. Click one to view, edit, or share it.

To learn more about Liveboards, visit [About Liveboards]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/pinboards/about-pinboards.html).

{: id="data"}
## Data

**Data** contains a list of data sources (tables and worksheets). These are usually loaded and managed by your administrator. However, you may be able to import a spreadsheet (Excel or CSV) here, if you have the correct privileges.

To learn more about this section, visit [Working with data]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/data-view/data-intro-end-user.html#).

{: id="admin"}
## Admin

**Admin** only appears if you have administrator privileges.

The Admin Console is covered in the [IT Ops]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/it-ops.html) section.

{: id="help-icon"}
## Help Icon

You can find information and support resources for ThoughtSpot here. There are short videos, a navigation overview, links to documentation, and other useful materials. You can also find the software version number here.

To learn more about this section, visit [More help and support]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/help-center/what-you-can-find-in-the-help-center.html#).

{: id="user-icon"}
## User Icon

The **user icon** allows you to either view your preferences or log out. You can also change your icon here.

To learn more about this section, visit [About the user profile]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/introduction/about-user.html).

{: id="related-information"}
## Related information

[Set your ThoughtSpot locale]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/locale.html)
