_end-user/introduction/about-user.md, before:

---
title: [About your user profile]
last_updated: 12/19/2019
summary: "The user icon lets you view your profile, adjust language options, specify notification preferences, revisit onboarding, or sign out of ThoughtSpot."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
To view the user actions, click your user icon on the top right corner of the page.

 ![Click User icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-info.png "Click User icon")

Click **Profile** to navigate to your profile, where you can change your icon, password, email, locale, and other  preferences.  

![Click Profile]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-profile.png "Click Profile")

Notice that you can now see the **My Profile** interface.

{: id="profile-picture" }
## Change your profile picture

You can change your profile picture clicking the user profile in the top right of the interface, clicking **Upload Picture**, and selecting a new image from the file browser.

You can use any a `*.png` or `*.jpg` file. Image files cannot exceed 4MB.

![Upload user profile image]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-upload-picture.png "Upload user profile image")

You can also make this change within the **User Profile**, under **Information**.

![Upload user profile image]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-upload-picture-alternative.png "Upload user profile image")


{: id="email" }
## Update your email ##

To change your email, navigate to **My Profile**. Under **Information**, enter an alternate email, and click Add.

![Update email]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-profile-email.png "Update email")


{: id="language" }
## Change language and data format settings ##
{% include content/set_locale.md %}

{: id="notifications" }
## Update sharing notification settings

Under **Preferences**, see the **Notifications** option.

Select **Email me sharing notifications** to receive emails whenever another user shares pinboards with you.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/profile-email-notifications.png "Email sharing notifications")

{: id="onboarding" }
## Revisit user onboarding ##

When you are relatively new to using ThoughtSpot, we help you to become productive faster.

Whenever you need a refresh, navigate to **My Profile**. Under **Preferences**, see the **New user onboarding** option. Click **Revisit**, and ThoughtSpot guides you through onboarding again.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/onboarding-revisit.png "Revisit onboarding")

{: id="password" }
## Change Password ##

When you need to change your password, navigate to **My Profile**, and under **Preferences** enter the following information:
  - Current Password
  - New Password
  - Confirm Password

  {% include note.html content="Your password must contain three of the following: uppercase letters A-Z, lowercase letters a-z, special characters !#$ etc, numbers 0-9. Your password must be at least eight characters long." %}

Click **Update**.

  ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/update-password.png "Update password")

{: id="sign-out" }
## Signing out ##

To sign out of your ThoughtSpot account, click the user profile in the top right of the interface, and choose **Sign out**.

![Sign out]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-sign-out.png "Sign out")

Commit message:

SCAL-74233 answer v2 everything except spotiq analyze, filters, back button, and a few UI changes
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_end-user/introduction/about-user.md, after:

---
title: [About your user profile]
last_updated: 4/1/2021
summary: "The user icon lets you view your profile, adjust language options, specify notification preferences, revisit onboarding, manage your Answer experience, or sign out of ThoughtSpot."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
To view the user actions, click your user icon on the top right corner of the page.

 ![Click User icon]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-info.png "Click User icon")

Click **Profile** to navigate to your profile, where you can change your icon, password, email, locale, and other  preferences.  

![Click Profile]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-profile.png "Click Profile")

Notice that you can now see the **My Profile** interface.

{: id="profile-picture" }
## Change your profile picture

You can change your profile picture clicking the user profile in the top right of the interface, clicking **Upload Picture**, and selecting a new image from the file browser.

You can use any a `*.png` or `*.jpg` file. Image files cannot exceed 4MB.

![Upload user profile image]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-upload-picture.png "Upload user profile image")

You can also make this change within the **User Profile**, under **Information**.

![Upload user profile image]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-upload-picture-alternative.png "Upload user profile image")


{: id="email" }
## Update your email ##

To change your email, navigate to **My Profile**. Under **Information**, enter an alternate email, and click Add.

![Update email]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-profile-email.png "Update email")


{: id="language" }
## Change language and data format settings ##
{% include content/set_locale.md %}

{: id="notifications" }
## Update sharing notification settings

Under **Preferences**, see the **Notifications** option.

Select **Email me sharing notifications** to receive emails whenever another user shares pinboards with you.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/profile-email-notifications.png "Email sharing notifications")

{: id="onboarding" }
## Revisit user onboarding ##

When you are relatively new to using ThoughtSpot, we help you to become productive faster.

Whenever you need a refresh, navigate to **My Profile**. Under **Preferences**, see the **New user onboarding** option. Click **Revisit**, and ThoughtSpot guides you through onboarding again.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/onboarding-revisit.png "Revisit onboarding")

{: id="password" }
## Change Password ##

When you need to change your password, navigate to **My Profile**, and under **Preferences** enter the following information:
  - Current Password
  - New Password
  - Confirm Password

  {% include note.html content="Your password must contain three of the following: uppercase letters A-Z, lowercase letters a-z, special characters !#$ etc, numbers 0-9. Your password must be at least eight characters long." %}

Click **Update**.

  ![]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/update-password.png "Update password")

{: id="new-answer-experience"}
## Manage your Answer experience
You can turn the [new Answer experience]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/ts-cloud/new-answer-experience.html) on or off from the **Experience manager**. The new experience is on by default; to return to the classic experience, select **Classic experience**.

![New Answer experience toggle]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/new-answer-experience-toggle.png "New Answer experience toggle")

{: id="sign-out" }
## Signing out ##

To sign out of your ThoughtSpot account, click the user profile in the top right of the interface, and choose **Sign out**.

![Sign out]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/user-sign-out.png "Sign out")
