_appliance/rhel/rhel-ts-artifacts.md, before:

---
title: [ThoughtSpot deployment templates for RHEL]
summary: "Get the two primary tarball artifacts for configuring ThoughtSpot using RHEL."
last_updated: 10/13/2020
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

You must have the following artifacts to install or upgrade ThoughtSpot applications that run on RHEL:

- The **Ansible tarball**, the **Terraform template**, the **Chef template**, and the **Puppet** template each contain a set of scripts for installing OS packages, dependencies, the ThoughtSpot CLI (tscli), and configuring your cluster (preparing the disks). Choose ***one*** of these four templates, depending on which tool you have in your organization. Please join our RHEL Early Access program, and email us your <a href="mailto:early_access@thoughtspot.com?subject=RHEL%20Early%20Access%20Program%20Ansible%20File%20Request" target="_blank">Ansible</a>, <a href="mailto:early_access@thoughtspot.com?subject=RHEL%20Early%20Access%20Program%20Terraform%20File%20Request" target="_blank">Terraform</a>, <a href="mailto:early_access@thoughtspot.com?subject=RHEL%20Early%20Access%20Program%20Chef%20File%20Request" target="_blank">Chef</a>, or <a href="mailto:early_access@thoughtspot.com?subject=RHEL%20Early%20Access%20Program%20Puppet%20File%20Request" target="_blank">Puppet template request</a>.

- The **Release tarball** contains the ThoughtSpot software binaries (`tar.gz`) of the release version you are installing or upgrading; for example, ThoughtSpot Release 6.0.4. You can obtain this file from the <a href="https://thoughtspot.egnyte.com/" target="_blank">ThoughtSpot secure file sharing system</a>. We sent this information to you in our Welcome email. Contact ThoughtSpot Support if you experience difficulties accessing these files.

Commit message:

SCAL-73791 Documentation: remove mention of early realease for RHEL Ansible
Signed-off-by: Roza Leyderman <roza.leyderman@thoughtspot.com>

_appliance/rhel/rhel-ts-artifacts.md, after:

---
title: [ThoughtSpot deployment templates for RHEL]
summary: "Get the two primary tarball artifacts for configuring ThoughtSpot using RHEL."
last_updated: 10/13/2020
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

You must have the following artifacts to install or upgrade ThoughtSpot applications that run on RHEL:

- The **Ansible tarball**, the **Terraform template**, the **Chef template**, and the **Puppet** template each contain a set of scripts for installing OS packages, dependencies, the ThoughtSpot CLI (tscli), and configuring your cluster (preparing the disks). Choose ***one*** of these four templates, depending on which tool you have in your organization. You can obtain these by requesting them from <a href="https://community.thoughtspot.com/customers/s/contactsupport" target="_blank">ThoughtSpot Support</a>.

- The **Release tarball** contains the ThoughtSpot software binaries (`tar.gz`) of the release version you are installing or upgrading; for example, ThoughtSpot Release 6.0.4. You can obtain this file from the <a href="https://thoughtspot.egnyte.com/" target="_blank">ThoughtSpot secure file sharing system</a>. We sent this information to you in our Welcome email. Contact ThoughtSpot Support if you experience difficulties accessing these files.
