_admin/mobile/install-mobile.md, before:

---
title: [Install and set up mobile app]
summary: Learn how to install and set up ThoughtSpot's mobile app.
last_updated: 11/15/2019
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
Before you install the mobile app, ask your ThoughtSpot administrator where you should get it, and which method of VPN (if any) you should use to access your ThoughtSpot cluster.

## Set up VPN

Ask your ThoughtSpot administrator, which of the following methods you should use to securely sign in to  the app and access your ThoughtSpot cluster:

### Per-app VPN [Recommended]

If you download the app from your company's internal app store (mobile device management platform), you can sign in using the powerful and secure Per-APP VPN feature provided by your platform. Ask your administrator which platform your company uses, and then use one of the following resources to configure the VPN options:

- [Workspace ONE (AirWatch)](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Workspace-ONE-UEM/1811/VMware-Workspace-ONE-UEM-iOS-Device-Management/GUID-AWT-IOS-PROFILEVPN.html){:target="_blank"}
- [MobileIron](http://mi.extendedhelp.mobileiron.com/53/all/en/desktop/Per-App_VPN_Configuration.htm){:target="_blank"}
- [XenMobile (Citrix)](https://docs.citrix.com/en-us/citrix-endpoint-management/policies/vpn-policy.html){:target="_blank"}
- [Intune](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/vpn-setting-configure-per-app){:target="_blank"}

### Standard VPN

If you download the app from the App Store for iOS or Google Play for Android, you can use standard VPN to sign in.

- Open the VPN app on your iOS/Android device and authenticate.

## Install the app

Contact your ThoughtSpot administrator, to determine where to get the app.

### App Store or Google Play

If your company allows you to download it from the App Store for iOS or Google Play, download it from here:

[![Download ThoughtSpot app for iOS]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-UK_RGB_blk_092917.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1437983463){:target="_blank"}  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[![Download ThoughtSpot app for Android]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/google-play-badge.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thoughtspot.client&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1){:target="_blank"}

### Your company's internal app store (if applicable)

If your company has an internal app store, your administrator may ask you to download the app from there. Contact your administrator for details on where to find it.

## Set up the app

After you install the ThoughtSpot app, follow these steps to set it up:
1. Open the app.
2. Tap **Get Started**.
3. In the Server URL field, enter the URL for your ThoughtSpot cluster and tap **Continue**.
4. Enter your User ID and Password for the cluster and tap **Sign In**.

   The Home screen appears, showing three options for setting up your home pinboard:
   - Choose an existing Pinboard
   - Create a new Pinboard
   - Help me set my Home Pinboard
6. Tap the option you want to use, and follow the on-screen instructions to set up your Home Pinboard.

Have questions? Feel free to contact us at [mobile@thoughtspot.com](mailto:mobile@thoughtspot.com?subject=ThoughtSpot%20Mobile%20App%20Question)

Commit message:

pinboard --> liveboard
Signed-off-by: Naomi <>

_admin/mobile/install-mobile.md, after:

---
title: [Install and set up mobile app]
summary: Learn how to install and set up ThoughtSpot's mobile app.
last_updated: 11/04/2021
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
Before you install the mobile app, ask your ThoughtSpot administrator where you should get it, and which method of VPN (if any) you should use to access your ThoughtSpot cluster.

## Set up VPN

Ask your ThoughtSpot administrator, which of the following methods you should use to securely sign in to  the app and access your ThoughtSpot cluster:

### Per-app VPN [Recommended]

If you download the app from your company's internal app store (mobile device management platform), you can sign in using the powerful and secure Per-APP VPN feature provided by your platform. Ask your administrator which platform your company uses, and then use one of the following resources to configure the VPN options:

- [Workspace ONE (AirWatch)](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Workspace-ONE-UEM/1811/VMware-Workspace-ONE-UEM-iOS-Device-Management/GUID-AWT-IOS-PROFILEVPN.html){:target="_blank"}
- [MobileIron](http://mi.extendedhelp.mobileiron.com/53/all/en/desktop/Per-App_VPN_Configuration.htm){:target="_blank"}
- [XenMobile (Citrix)](https://docs.citrix.com/en-us/citrix-endpoint-management/policies/vpn-policy.html){:target="_blank"}
- [Intune](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/intune/vpn-setting-configure-per-app){:target="_blank"}

### Standard VPN

If you download the app from the App Store for iOS or Google Play for Android, you can use standard VPN to sign in.

- Open the VPN app on your iOS/Android device and authenticate.

## Install the app

Contact your ThoughtSpot administrator, to determine where to get the app.

### App Store or Google Play

If your company allows you to download it from the App Store for iOS or Google Play, download it from here:

[![Download ThoughtSpot app for iOS]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-UK_RGB_blk_092917.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1437983463){:target="_blank"}  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[![Download ThoughtSpot app for Android]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/google-play-badge.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thoughtspot.client&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1){:target="_blank"}

### Your company's internal app store (if applicable)

If your company has an internal app store, your administrator may ask you to download the app from there. Contact your administrator for details on where to find it.

## Set up the app

After you install the ThoughtSpot app, follow these steps to set it up:
1. Open the app.
2. Tap **Get Started**.
3. In the Server URL field, enter the URL for your ThoughtSpot cluster and tap **Continue**.
4. Enter your User ID and Password for the cluster and tap **Sign In**.

   The Home screen appears, showing three options for setting up your home Liveboard:
   - Choose an existing Liveboard
   - Create a new Liveboard
   - Help me set my Home Liveboard
6. Tap the option you want to use, and follow the on-screen instructions to set up your Home Liveboard.

Have questions? Feel free to contact us at [mobile@thoughtspot.com](mailto:mobile@thoughtspot.com?subject=ThoughtSpot%20Mobile%20App%20Question)
