_admin/data-modeling/add-expert.md, before:

---
title: ["Add or manage experts"]

last_updated: 3/20/2020
summary: "You can designate experts for each data source, so users won't get stuck if they need help."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
toc: true
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---
If your users occasionally struggle to answer a specific question, build a chart they have in mind, or find something in their data, you can enable **Ask an Expert**. This lets them request help from someone in your organization.

The request goes to the person in your company who knows the data source very well, and how to search it in ThoughtSpot. The user can see the expert's answer in the **Ask an Expert** interface in ThoughtSpot.

You can see how an end user experiences **Ask an Expert** [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/ask-an-expert.html).

## Add an expert to a data source

Adding an expert for a data source enables **Ask an Expert** in your ThoughtSpot instance. Until you add an expert, users won't see the prompt to **Ask an Expert** when using that data source.

To add an expert to a data source:

1. Let the expert(s) know to expect user questions to start coming their way in email.
   If your expert(s) don't have an email in ThoughtSpot, they must [check in ThoughtSpot for requested answers]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/answer-expert-question.html).

2. Click the name of the worksheet or table from the **Data** page.

3. Click the three dot icon in the upper right side of the page and select **Manage experts**.

    ![Manage experts]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/ask-an-expert-manage.png "Manage experts")

4. Make your selections and click **Done**.

    ![Add experts]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/ask-an-expert-add-expert.png "Add experts")

## Related information  

- [Model the data for searching]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/data-modeling/about-data-modeling-intro.html)
- [Ask an Expert]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/ask-an-expert.html)

Commit message:

SCAL-74233 answer v2 everything except spotiq analyze, filters, back button, and a few UI changes
Signed-off-by: Teresa Killmond <teresa.killmond@thoughtspot.com>

_admin/data-modeling/add-expert.md, after:

---
title: ["Add or manage experts"]

last_updated: 3/20/2020
summary: "You can designate experts for each data source, so users won't get stuck if they need help."
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
toc: true
permalink: /:collection/:path.html
---

{% include note.html content="Ask an Expert is not available in the new Answer experience. The new Answer experience is on by default for ThoughtSpot Cloud clusters. To use Ask an Expert, turn the new Answer experience off by selecting <strong>Classic experience </strong> from the <strong>Experience manager</strong> panel in your profile." %}

If your users occasionally struggle to answer a specific question, build a chart they have in mind, or find something in their data, you can enable **Ask an Expert**. This lets them request help from someone in your organization.

The request goes to the person in your company who knows the data source very well, and how to search it in ThoughtSpot. The user can see the expert's answer in the **Ask an Expert** interface in ThoughtSpot.

You can see how an end user experiences **Ask an Expert** [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/ask-an-expert.html).

## Add an expert to a data source

Adding an expert for a data source enables **Ask an Expert** in your ThoughtSpot instance. Until you add an expert, users won't see the prompt to **Ask an Expert** when using that data source.

To add an expert to a data source:

1. Let the expert(s) know to expect user questions to start coming their way in email.
   If your expert(s) don't have an email in ThoughtSpot, they must [check in ThoughtSpot for requested answers]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/answer-expert-question.html).

2. Click the name of the worksheet or table from the **Data** page.

3. Click the three dot icon in the upper right side of the page and select **Manage experts**.

    ![Manage experts]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/ask-an-expert-manage.png "Manage experts")

4. Make your selections and click **Done**.

    ![Add experts]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/ask-an-expert-add-expert.png "Add experts")

## Related information  

- [Model the data for searching]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin/data-modeling/about-data-modeling-intro.html)
- [Ask an Expert]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/search/ask-an-expert.html)
